 Fuck you.
 FUck you you little piece of shit. he does something I don't like I don't give a fuck if hes the second coming of Jesus Christ hes a fucking ultra douchenozzle fuckfag hitlersexer. Just for this sutpid fucking coment Im downvoting every fucking dumbass piece of garbage youve ever potsed and reprting you to the mods.  **FUCK YOU**
 Fucking black blocks.
 Fuck you and your girlfriends dog
 Fuck you Norway hogging all the good shit.
 Well why the hell would you do that? You're such a fucking idiot LudicrousGibs.
 Fuck off we hate you.
 You deserve all the negative karma for being such a fucking asshole about capris. Go fuck yourself pants are serious business.
 Fuck you you fucker! You're the kind of bloody wanker that ruins Scotland!
 Fucking backwards southerners
 I hope your fucking mother gets cancer you noob ass motherfucker.
 Fuck you!
 Fuck you and your stupid questions.
 That's your job you stupid fucking dog.  Sit there while I put shit on your head and then take pictures of it.
 Yes. Fuck you.
 Fuck you tallist.
 You're only a faggot if you're *being* fucked.
 UGH! SPOILER ALERT MAN! Fucking asshole.
 Shut the fuck up idiot!
 Yeah fuck peace that shit's stupid.
 INSTAGRAM OH MY FUCK WHO THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOU ARE FAGGOT!
 Fucking America.  Companies making money. Fuck them.
 I blame the dirty fucking hippies!
 Yeah cause dog piss gives me cancer.  Fuck you dogs!
 How dare you you fucking perverted creep. Rot in hell you monster.
 Fuck your cracka-assed civil discourse thug shit homie.
 That's fucking stupid.
 Well fuck you because I got mine and fuck you.
 Fuck your opinion!
 Fuck you superdog rules!
 YEAH! FUCK YOU AUSTRALIA!!!
 Fuck you it's a promise kept!
 Spoilers mother fucker.
 Fucking casuals
 You fucking Wendy's shill!
 Yeah fuck Ponyo wtf is up with *that* remake!? FUCK EVERYTHING ABOUT THAT REMAKE SHIT!
 Fuckin commie
 I GOT MINE FUCK YOU!
 What the fuck did you say to me you little bitch?
 Fucking theist elephants.
 Stop the fucking presses!
 fuck rich people
 FUCKING BUPLLSHITHI
 You fucking pedophile!
 FUCKIN FASCISTS!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Yeah bitch. He fucking killed that shit. Get that shit to the front page of r/politics n' shit! Let's all discuss fucking politics n' shit like this from now the fuck on. Lewis Black da' fucking man!
 Fuckin' scabs.
 You fucking commie!
 FUCKING SELL GODDAMMIT! SELL IT ALL!!!
 GOD DAMN BN WHAT HAVE YOU DONE NOW YOU CORRUPTED FUCKS
 Yeah fuck white men!
 If it doesn't taste like shit you're a pussy faggot!
 Oh shit two shirts! I didn't catch that. WELL FUCK THAT ASSHOLE THEN.
 Yeah seriously are you fucking retarded?
 Fuck Cancer? My hair will never come back because it is hereditary. Fuck YOU!
 Yes I do. Get the fuck out of here you bastard.
 Actually you're right. While we're at it fuck retarded kids such cunts.
 Oh shut up and go drink your piss water. I only drink craft beers and IPA so fuck you.
 Yeah fuck the poor!
 Yeah how dare they get hit by a hurricane! Fucking slackers!
 HEY GUYS THEY LIKE THE GAME IN HERE LETS FUCK SHIT UP
 Fuckin' Typical Heel Shit.
 No man validation is bullshit! Fuck that!
 Fucking deep
 FUCK OFF. HOW DID YOU SET A GOAL AND MEET IT?! AMA NAO.
 you fucking hipster!
 What a fucking loon.
 Fuck no that's a stupid idea
 Fucking casual.
 Tribal behaviour?  Are you fucking kidding me?  Here I am siting on my couch watching the Yankees cream those fucking asshole Mets and you're accusing me of being some primitive tribal fucker?
 FUCKING THIS
 Fuck Hindus! Fuck the  religion of peace!
 Fuck you dick!   Harry Potter is real!!
 YEAH? WELL FUCK YOU!
 FUCK those hindos!
 Fucking socialist!
 Sources? Fuck you Monsanto Shill!
 FUCK YOU JAY RANDOLPH IS A GOD.
 Fucking government is interfering in laissez-faire capitalism again.  Fuck.
 No offense but fuck you. No offense.
 Yeah fuck them!
 No fuck you don't you understand that the Drobo is utter shit because he said so? Nothing you say will make the Drobo not shitty!
 Sounds about right. White racist motherfuckers.
 HAHAHAHA FUCK WHITE PEOPLE!
 Nope just making up shit again like always. I actually hate Cudi and his dumb stoner face fuck that guy.
 She did not call her haters   a bunch of nigger cunt sucking faggots  nor did she claimed that she was going  to fuck your mom in the ass like the slut she is   Clearly...not a gamer.
 And miss out on all the fun? That's gay as fuck.
 your stupid
 Yeah! Fuck poor people!
 Yeah fuck you for having your own opinion
 Fucking socialistics
 What the fuck?  They send you an e-mail with a promo code **AND THEY DON'T EVEN TYPE IT OUT**.    Fucking Microsoft.
 Why you narrow minded intolerant motherfucker.
 Fucking Obama!
 Don't tell me what to do you fucker.
 Hey I spend 5 hours a day watching stuff on netflix. I've seen all this shit. Fuck you op.
 FUCKIN CASUALS.
 Because fuck the rich
 Nah man fuck that guy
 Fuck yeah Steam! Steamroll these filthy console peasants. Pitiful scum.
 OP is beta as fuck
 YOU DONT RESPECT ME! FUCK YOU AND BURN IN HELL FOR SAYING IM NOT ENTITLED!!!!
 Well except if you are really religious.   Then you can go fuck yourself.
 Yea those fucking limp hands piss me off!
 You're SHITTING me? Matches fucking *BURN*? Why are assault matches still legal ffs?
 Full jungle vision. Psh fucking useless
 Yeah fucking jews coming here stealing all our moneyz!
 Because if you want all these things you must be a dirty fucking commie.
 FUCK YOU APPLE FAG!1!!!8!
 Well fuck you for being good at this game!
 Fuck those people and their success!
 Shut your damn mouth you cishet scum! You don't know what it's like!
 Alpha as fuck.
 All good? My previous post was supposed to be sarcastic you idiot. Fuck off and die.
 No I was the saleswoman. Now buy this shit you ugly fuck or your face will literally *fall off!*
 Are you female? If not fuck off.
 Fuck off you twat. OH NO RE-POSTS! OBVIOUSLY EVERYONE HAS SEEN IT.
 Because fuck poor people
 You shut your whore mouth!  Valve is a saint and Bioware is evil EA cocksucking trash!
 Naw fuck due process and all that shit who needs needs that dumb shit.
 Holy shit some crazed rebel ate the heart of a dead enemy? Fuck *all* the rebels then!
 Posted to SRS you fucken hetero white male racist! Fathers should never bury ANY of their children regardless of sex! you fucken swine!!!
 Yea! The only thing a man is good for is fucking. The only way to show her you mean business is to fuck fuck fuck!
 DAE OLD AS FUCK
 Way to get fucking meta in a pussy joke bro.
 You fucking casuals are holding back the future! Long live the master race!
 *your  FTFY. Learn some fucking English skills shithead.
 Gender motherfucker do you have it?
 Well you fucked up son
 NO FUCKING WAY!!!!  THATS HOW HE DID THAT???  holy shit dude how did you figure that out?????? are you some kind of genie?  *edit
 Alpha as fuck
 His stool fucking was off the chain
 Fuck this guy amirite?
 If she ain't Atheist FUCK YOU and FUCK HER. God get your elitist BULLSHIT off of MY Reddit!
 omg fucking sexist bastaed
 What the fuck do you mean we're fucking sensitive to language? We're not all 12 fucking years old.
 Haha yeah fuck those guys.
 Yeah fuck him and his opinion!
 you are now fucked my friend.
 Fuck... I got a ticket from god today I better get my ass to church!
 Who downvoted you?   Fuck you for having a opinion
 america fuck yea.
 Yeah! Fuck adaptation and self promotion! Those guys suck! ;)
 You're a fucking moron eat shit and die. Of course you shouldn't take the latter comment literally -- I mean to express only the warmest of emotions.
 *Fuck this guy for having fun*
 Hey kids!  Vandalizing stuff is cool you're not being a giant bag of dicks at all!
 No! Fuck you! Have a downvote instead!
 And fuck stop signs!  Damn government can't tell me when to go and when to stop!
 Fuck 'em! They're brown!
 NO absolutely not because.. wait for it.. you're a fucking communist.
 That fuckin' anti-Semite!
 What the fuck...No Thumbnails!!
 WHAT THE FUCK!
 Yo your dying and need 911? Fuck You!
 You're such a fucking tool. You want to work for what you're actually worth? Typical no-nothing American.
 Hey fucking poor people is a lifestyle choice sexual orientation is genetic.  Go back to Wall Street we don't need your kind around here!
 WHAT THE FUCK!
 Blashphemy u dum horror-man imma BOMB YOU ALL to fuck pieces for LOVE of CHRIST
 Shut your whore mouths all of you.  Ace of Base is playing and I'll thank you to show some FUCKING RESPECT.
 This is awesome fuck those grammar Nazis.   Seriously though learn to speak English dumb ass.
 Shouldn'tve gotten the Horse Armor.  Fucking Horse Armor.
 Yeah! Fuck all the Heat fans!
 Yeah what a douchebag! What idiot sprains their ankle. IDIOT! And finals are such stupid shit. IDIOT!
 Fucking nanny state with their disease control.
 Who fucking cares if you're a 21 year old dude? Attention whore!
 That fucking sellout!
 Please shut up I'm trying to get enraged over nothing here. If you carry on I'll get the fuck off this high horse and pwn your fundie ass.
 yeah FUCK those poor people.
 Hahahahahaha  The mentally ill are fucking hilarious!!!!!
 A Muslim crashed into the twin towers.  Murder every fucking Muslim.
 FAGGOT.
 YOU SICK BASTARD
 NO HE'S ALIVE YOU FUCKING RETARD GAD THERE'S SO MUCH EVIDENCE YOU MUST BE DUMB OR SOMETHING #IGNANCE
 Screw you asshole!
 Damn you! Damn you all to hell!!!
 Look at this fuckin hipster over here
 Differentiating between homosexuality and heterosexuality means you want to fuck men. Logicked.
 Holy shit you have to walk around on a route? Fuck that's hard work
 How's this for a respectful debate: Fuck the fucking fuckers.  Too harsh? Not respectful enough?
 Yeah fuck her for losing her cool and then apologizing for it!  What a bitch!
 The GOP is creating jobs for funeral homes you idiots!
 Fuck it #YOLO
 TIL fucking is illegal.
 You fuck him and he'll fuck you back hard as fuck. Sounds like a fair enough deal.
 Absolute fucking disgrace. Great cup run boys!
 Fuck Sears
 I got a raise but it moved me up a tax bracket so now I take home less fucking Obama.
 If you aren't a programmer with a community college education fuck you!
 YOU FAT-FETISHIZING SHITLORD!!!
 Yeah that watching True Blood is fucking gay.
 yeah no shit! a moderators job is to post content! not moderate the content! AND WE PAY THEM!!! how dare this fuck not make some goddamn shitty memes already!
 yeah fuck freedom of speech!  I'm so tired of fucking people hiding behind the bill of rights.  We should just abolish it we would be so much better off.
 Good that fucking traitor.
 Women aren't worth your time? You sexist fuck!
 You shut your whore mouth!
 Because gum goes in your *mouth* you fucking moron.  And gum isn't a *nasty habit* that *kills dear mother Earth and all of her beloved children*.
 You damn liberal jew atheist gay nigger handout loving welfare kings and your entitlement!
 Because I'm late fuck face!
 Goddamn fags stealing my identity. Does that make *me* gay? Oh shit. Oh fuck. What am I gonna do?
 A kiddie fucker on a kiddie show.  How appropriate.
 I don't like her just like I think bisexuals are more disgusting than homosexuals!  Pick a side!  You are either a robot or a human! Cyborgs are disgusting!
 Yea! Fuck quality laziness FTW!!
 ffs cream this is why our economy sucks you stole all the damn UTs
 He owns a fucking gun shop. His gloating is malicious to second class citizens like me. FU FC.
 Fuck you dude.  I read my cereal boxes and shampoo bottles religiously and I'm supa smart.
 What!?! I'm an *atheist* I don't have to submit to any fuckin' rules! I'm an *atheist* and that makes me exempt from *everything* and *you* have to like my shitty memes and macro posts!!!
 Oh I call bullshit on the article that is clearly not a tank it is a BRDM!  Damn you Zionist Pigs for bad-mouthing the peaceful people of Assad's S&amp;M Kingdom!
 BUT THAT'S JUST BECAUSE YOU'RE ALL BRAINWASHED SHEEPLE! FUCK THE GOVERNMENT!
 Fuck you taig.  It's fine because you're probably in Scotland.
 What? Where's my fucking pie? What in the hell white people.
 Shut up or we duct-tape your mouth shut tie you to a sawhorse and gang rape you.
 Haha a gay doll? What the fuck? Dolls can only be straight! This is so weird like everything else that's gay.
 OH FUCK THAT'S ORIGINAL
 Whoopy fucking do.
 Shut up cis scum do die in hall fagget misogynist!
 I was with you until rugby. That sport is fucking brutal. Hey guy just join the fuckin' army and make some bros while you get your skull cracked open!
 Nah it's all about your KtoD ratio or you're a faggot.
 Fuck the fourth amendment.
 **HAHA!!**  That pastor is stupid...duh...He believes in God no shit he's stupid!!!1!  Right Reddit??
 So you're that guy that *doesn't* want your gf to fuck like a whore? I've heard about you.
 Just fucking what?
 He 's using a beer can as a shower head?! What. The. Fuck.
 You fucking monster. How DARE you draw attention to the fact that women CHOOSE to earn less than men! How can you LIVE with yourself! Woman hater!
 I tell them to go fuck off and to stop oppressing me.
 Hey man fuck you tucking your trousers in to your socks is cool!!!
 NO. Fuck that shit it's reddit. NO REPOSTS EVER.
 WOW. WHAT THE FUCK.
 You know how I fucking hate? Those fucking Jaines with their bloody pacifism.
 Yeah! Fuck those people with lifestyles other than yours!
 God damn it Anet wanting me to actually have fun whilst playing a game. Wtf is this shit.
 I bet the guy who drives that truck has a massive penis.
 You mean to tell me a giant US corporation has just fucked over the American tax payers? No. Fucking. Way.
 Yea... Fuck those people who are showing an interest in the game. Let us be dicks towards them.
 Are you happy now? You've confused and enraged all these poor infantiles with your faux compassion. You sick fuck. Master trolls like you shouldn't be allowed near a computer.
 I already have Case Zero. Ergo fuck you Microsoft for giving a free game to other people I already have. Terrible fucking move.
 What are you a faggot?
 You actually have to train a skill to get exp? Fuck you jagex
 Yay let's fuck content creators!
 stupid mexicans
 YEAH!  FUCK EMPATHY!
 Fuck imagine all the shit he must be breathing in!
 Yeah you know... because fucking with the mentally ill is so funny!  Hey you should try tripping up people on crutches too!  I once tipped over a guy in a wheelchair.  The idiot just lay there on his back like some fucking retarded tortoise!!  It was hilarious!!!
 Scum scientist telling us we are fucking up our own planet .
 wow this is quality fucking literature
 cause fuck everyone allergic to them!
  Hey someone *owns* that ground you're standing on you fuckin' bum!
 fucking lazy bums let your firm go under! its cause you didn't work hard enough! only have yourself to blame... you and your dam business ran on drum circles! now you know you need to work to get off them streets! get a job at McDonalds! hell there always hiring! You can work at a Wendys too! there's probably a 24 hour wafflehouse near by as well! if you put in 200 hours a week you can pay off that debt in no time buy a house and have 3 cars. Eating and sleeping are for liberal pussy bitches......
 Yeah fuck Chris Brown for beating Rihanna. He's such a scumbag.
 who the fuck wants sex. hey look at me i'm a weakling. let me get into an embarrassing position and thrust like a dirty ape. let me absorb another person's sweat and taste their icky saliva. let me moan cliche dirty cheesy shit like oh my god your titties are so big. then let me orgasm and hate you and have a destroyed meaningless life. fuck all that. i pledged my life to the lord. i will live eternally.
 Man bitches. Never stick your dick in crazy and all that. Bet she'll be taking half his stuff as well.
 Why is OP such a faggot?
 YOUR OPINION IS DIFFERENT?! ***FUCK YOU MAN.***
 To? TO? **TO**!?!? Its  too  you stupid piece of shit!  I'm gonna come to your house and kill you for this mistake!
 I fucking hate the people on there.
 You havent watched that show thats older than you are? FUCKIN CASUAL!
 Go back to digg fag.
 But Romney's a big fat liar!
 but girls can do no wrong ever! he was just an asshole! you go girl!
 so you spent all this money on a gaming setup yet you live in a crappy apartment with no kitchen table? what the fuck is wrong with you eating at your computer u nasty ass good job with your finances
 Caelcryos wrote:   Beta as fuck.
 Work? WTF Adum? You lazy fuck you should only care about doing reviews and nothing else.
 So fucking hilarious hahahaha
 Fuck you're so old fashioned and unrealistic and evil! I bet you're even religious!!111 Why can't you simply only express approval of *one* kind of lifestyle!?
 I love the cutscene before shit hits the fan. [ Who the fuck are you guys!? ]
 Look you have me QUAKING IN MY SHOES. Fuck me I think I just shat myself in terror at being called a faggot by such an awesome internet GOD.
 Yeah fuck you for trying to improve our experience e right?how dare you try to share something you enjoy with a community you love. Who are you Hitler? Nobody wants a more polished game they want hats!
 As a guy you already are the lord of shit.
 YEAH!  Fuck people who own records and books!
 Your DAE is bad and you should feel bad. Asshole.
 Dear sane people : you are just minority so shut the fuck up !
 quick patent that shit! even though some one probably already owns it. who gives a fuck.
 Yeah! Fuck her for standing up for the small guy!
 Shut up you racist
 BUT DUDE IT S HUMOR! DON T YOU GET THAT!? YOU FUCKING RUIN EVERYTHING!!! YOUR FRIENDS WILL THINK YOU HAVE GREAT SENSE OF HUMOR!!!
 Not my job to educate you shitlord!
 Fucking brosteppers. It was so much better when it was 10 subscribers shit was real.
 Ya'll motherfuckers need hockey!
 What are you some kinda faggot?
 Yea! Why should anyone be entitled to there opinions! Fuck them!
 stupid Muslims.
 You're like a fucking 5 year old.  Hey look what I got and you can't have ANY!
 Yes because fuck anyone that can't go to school because they are too young sick old weak poor or whatever.  Yeah just fuck them.
 'that fucking arab' is probably totally able to read your passive aggressive post on facebook
 Yeah fuck science! Its importance to humanity has been grossly overstated.  Why don't all these whining progressives suck it up and get a real job like working on the rigs or campaigning for the CPC!
 Fuck the police! No JuStIcE nO pEaCe!
 Fuck that polar bear picture is fucked up.   But dont worry guys the free market will solve global warming if it even exists!
 Yeah you can never trust those sleazy .org .gov and .us addresses. Fuck yeah Americans!
 But the fucking chinks we killed in Hiroshima deserved it! Yeah AMERICA!
 You BITCH!
 Right? Fuck everybody else!
 Anything under 1000cc is fucking gay -- get a real bike.
 Yeah those fucking north koreans!
 ya that's some funny shit right a person died lol i dont know her so i dont give a fuck rofl
 Yeah and fuck him for enjoying something!
 War -- Fuck Yeah!!!
 Nah. I think I'll just sit back and let her watch American Idol and Jersey Shore while I fuck around on the computer and generally not give a damn
 Shit I was just on TS not even in game and he was telling me to get the fuck away from the crown.
 Yeah! What a dick for knowing his rights. Driver is a faggot!
 I know I read OP and I'm like hmm 4 in the morning.. Four in the morning? FOUR IN THE MOTHERFUCKIN MORNING!?!?! THISGUY IS SUCH A BADASS!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111one
 Yeah he should shut down his business and get on Welfare. Fuck doing anything you are passionate about.
 That's because you suck
 Yeah fucking Ambassadors and diplomats in foreign countries. Whoever heard of such a thing.
 Peanal gland you idiot!
 yeah cuz atheist have fucked up the country as bad as the tea party.
 I'm a vegan and I am even *more* self-righteous than you already are. Fuck you for being a vegetarian and not a vegan you selfish prick.
 Yeah fuck that man for trying to get higher up in his career!
 because men are PIGS and disgusting!!!11 Your girlfriend or wife is all you should EVER need!!1
 CLEARLY IF ITS NOT PERFECT IN EVERY SINGLE ASPECT ITS FUCKING WORTHLESS AND YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF FOR TRYING TO USE/TRADE IT YOU FAT DICK.
 I want my turn to fuck it up k?
 dude wtf r u talking about it should only get posted once forever everyone knows looking at cute pictures of puppies more than once is fucking stupid
 The Patriot Act fuck yeah!
 Of course he cares!!  Unless you don't agree... Then shut you're whore mouth.
 Because its not enough to fucking kill them
 Oh god they didn't know the roots of a FUCKING VIDEO GAME. They must be a worthless human being.
 what the fuck?! this isn't fucking mind-trap it's nu-liquid trap-step with some garage influences.
 BECAUSE FUCK APPLE THAT'S WHY
 Silly atheist faggot. Being gay is a choice! Check mate.
 With stupid like that behind you how can you lose.
 Damn Sand-Niggers.
 Well you Kucinich voters totally fucked it up for Ron Paul you bunch of  chumpettes!
 Yeah you'd never catch Abbott doing that sort of shit... I mean the *nerve* of this government spending money! I'm so angry I'm shaking. I'm gunna call up Alan Jones and see what he thinks about this wasteful witch. I don't even care that she isn't really spending a billion dollars I don't fucking care about stupid things like 'facts'.
 Oh good because this place was like a fucking ghost town.
 What a fucking delinquent. This is the kind of trash we need to keep illegal and get off the streets.
 Sure because he likes feet. That must be REALLY FUCKING ABSURD. He is so obviously a serial killer.
 Yeah fuck convenience.
 because 'MURICA FUCK YEAH
 Call him a dick call him an asshole. Yeah he's the problem.
 Oh yeah well where's your fucking source?
 seriously you're a pussy if you don't try this.
 Typical fucking worthless lazy tax evading Egyptians want to default on their financial obligations!
 Ya cuz their RB sucks
 Shutup you assburger!
 This is so fake. Dumbledore is already dead!! Stupid fake post.
 MURRICA FUCK YEAH!
 OMG are you dumb? Obviously the power and magic of the free market will create paradise stupid head!
 This guy kinda sounds like an asshole!  He's going to fight some random guy in a bar because he accidentally picked up the wrong drink?!
 Yes every buttfuck redneck sheriff has a tranq gun in inventory.
 amuurica fuck yea!
 Being gay is okay but if you're a faggot then everyone hates you.
 Yeah everyone except that WhoIsChris guy. For real though who the fuck is Chris?! Shit pisses me off.
 21st century imperialism. Fuck yeah!
 Yeah discrimination against white males is fine as long as the message isn't bringing up the discrimination against white males! Fucking assholes!
 You're *100% right*. Reminds me of this one time this 10 year old came up to me in a park and kicked me in the shin. I broke his fucking arm and bloodied his face up. All the parents were like  Ah you monster!  but hey the little shit started it and that's *all* that matters.
 Hey if you think your best chance of getting laid is a pity fuck might as well go all out!
 Because 'merica fuck yeah.
 Didn't you know that all the COD players are 7 because no one that's older than that is dumb enough to like such a stupid game? Come on the entire game is nothing but little kids who apparently fucked my mom.
 But men. Fuck those guys right?
 suck up
 haha no.  he's gonna go to your house and kick your ass.
 No no no that's crazy.  Let's just let all the degenerate fuckers in.
 Since you don't want a child you should go the selfish route and have your BF move in with you.  Fuck kids someone else can raise them. Like his sick mother. But who cares about that you love him.
 Or your just really fucked up with too much time on your hands.
 Shut the hell up spriter. You don kno shit.
 God he is such a dick!
 Maybe you should watch where the fuck you're going
 But c'mon...he's such a  nice guy ....  You just don't understand.  She's such a bitch.  Why do girls always date jerks?
 You are right. Fuck all animals we clearly dont need some of them.
 You are right. Fuck all animals we clearly dont need some of them.
 You're fucking funny.
 Hey these people are successful and well educated Fuck them!
 OVER A FULL DAY?? Shit you better demand a full refund for this impunity!!
  I don't know if I'm free or not unless I have a big pile of fucking guns!!!
 Holy. Fucking. Shit.   GUYS - TWO DIFFERENT GUYS ON REDDIT SAW A LIL WAYNE STATUS!!!!11  WAT R THE CHANCES?
 Psh no you don't. He's a jerk.
 Of course you  fucked up .
 Fuck everyone having fun because fun doesn't exist in third world countries!!
 Because a slap can barely hurt a man. Man up faggot.
 Yeah!  Screw those people struggling to make it.  Little fucker should've just sat down and sucked the government tit like a good boy.
 A 2-headed snake? That's some scary fucked-up shit!
 Yeah because GWB is such an idiot.
 Yes but don't you realise a woman's highest calling is to be a mommy? She's married now. Fuck school.
 What the fuck is Yahoo?
 Nah I wanna hear them let out manly grunts and fuck yeahs etc.
 since obviously the two promoters jumped out of the bushes got in the guy's face all the while waving a finger and yelling HAVE YOU BEEN TO THE STAMPEDE MOTHERFUCKER!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?.
 Because domestic violence is fucking hilarious.
 Well thank god at least no one was actually raped you sick fuck!
 Don't say that its not OK to say you don't like something anymore. You either like it or shut the fuck up.
 What a douchebag you should defianetly wipe your ass with that towel after taking a shit.
 For fucks sake it should say don't have sex with gay men as well. Duh!
 That's what he gets for camping in that window fuck campers.
 Yeah! Fuck his sense of humor! Mine's way better!
 Some people enjoy some EA games..... yea fuck them right?!?!
 Yeah seriously. Fuck that guy for saying PC gaming is superior to console gaming.
 Yea! Fuck those people that want to be healthier. This is my gym!
 FUCK OFF AND TAKE YOUR COMPLEMENTARY BULLSHIT ELSEWHERE ITS NOT NEEDED.  If you cant contribute to the conversation about being gay and being a VIDEO GAMER then just take that niceness to LGBT!  Furthermore I DON'T LOVE YOU AT ALL I HATE EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU!
 Stupid questions are stupid.
 What an honor. He's allowing you to suck his dick. Don't miss that opportunity.
 Fuck this guy for being extra cautious right?
 yeah seeing an opportunity to make money and doing so fucking ridiculous
 Lucy kinda sounds like a slut.
 Yeah lets make every post on reddit into a fucking meme
 OH MY GOD WHAT THE FUCK
 Fuck other people that like different music than me.
 KARMA WHORE WHORING IT UP FOR OUR FUCKING KARMA.  I am sooooooo glad that little slut deleted her account!
 OMG Fuck that dead guy who made the phones we all hate derp
 People want to be paid for their full-time jobs? Man fuck those guys.
 I agree. Fuck equal rights!!
 Damn in a truck full of mexicans. Can't believe he has to be alongside those people
 Better to kill the child than let those devil worshiping ho-mo-sexuals turn it gay.
 But... it's targeted it towards kids! That's so damn creepy I don't see how a grown man could like it. I bet you wanna fuck the characters don't you?
 Holy fookin shit! You trashed Karma just like that?  You must be a rich white upper middle class yuppie!
 Whitman couldn't get elected to Congress and play austerity so she takes over at HP and does it there!    Hooray austerity!  Go fuck yourselves you lazy ass employees time to quit sucking at John Galt's teat and get a real job!
 Yeah fuck them for not knowing something and learning It!
 I'm now going to tag you and all the rest of you bitches with RES and harass you occasionally for shits and giggles.
 God is for ignorant fools you fundie
 WHY ARE YOU SHAMING FAT PEOPLE YOU HATEFUL PRICK?!?!
 Ankit Fadia is gonna win this shit. You just watch.
 You're the worst type of human garbage.
 Yeah what the fuck has that guy ever done. lol
 Hush now. Just sit back and enjoy our Brand New War of 1812 Commercials. Haven't you heard? We're a Warrior Nation now. Fuck that Touchy-Feely Pearsonian bullshit.
 Yeah! Watching cartoons when you're a kid is for fags!
 Fuck student loan rates.  I could really use a bag of chips right now.
 What?  He's not buying more weed?  Fuck him.  420 blaze it!
 Deserved yup. EG lost so they deserved a spot because their fan base is high as fuck.
 This game's gonna suck it doesn't even have killstreaks hurr durr.
 Yeah fuck the citizens. Better for the cops to show up to a murder scene rather than a crime scene of self/home defense. Fucking pleb citizens thinking they should be able to fend for themselves. How dare they and how dare anyone defend those fucking plebs they should just roll over whilst simultaneously giving up their dignity/prosperity/life.
 See you're forgetting that because someone made it then everyone else that cannot is obviously an idiot loser that is just fucking up and deserves being fucked.  Shouldn't my own experience dictate what everyone else's should be?
 Wow yeah people being shorter than other people is fucking hilarious.
 But you did say it was implausible that she figured out how to drive it. Are you implying she couldn't have figured out how to drive it because she's a WOMAN!? That's fucked up man. Fucked up.
 Yeah how dare they fucking laugh ?  And in public too.  What a bunch of scumbags.
 How dare you post a fact in this sub! You are clearly an asshole.
 Also don't give a fuck about amateur sports. Except curling. That shit's amazing.
 Yeah Good Guy Anonymous. My fucking hero.
 Horny *and* masturbating. Fuck you're nothing like the other guys are you?
   ... become poorer  he finished the line with.  And all the GOP audience laughed and then gave him a standing ovation because they all know OWS is nothing but a bunch of lazy dirty f*cking hippies.
 OMG are you a racist? You are aren't you? You black hater.
 What? You're saying gaming isn't work? What the fuck are you? A casual?  Go back to your PS3 casual.
 fuck you for surviving. seriously. how dare you have a right to eat and live. quit leeching off society.
 Fuck yeah! Of course I want AOL.
 You mean Israel is fucking evil? No way!
 Yeah you can't drop it into low gear and hug the corners with intersections like this. So fuck it.
 You damned Lotto shill!
 I like dat crack rock BIATCH!!!
 Fuck Yeah Libertarianism Free Market HUURR HHHURRR HURRR
 Hey man don't let these kids learn i mean who needs jobs? your a sick asshole
 That means you suck at lasthitting and should go back to being a wardbitch and leave farming for the PROS
 Fuck everyone else so long as i can shoot anyone who is a threat to me i am happy.
 I barely give enough of a shit about your rich problems to type this.   It must be really fucking awful not to have to worry about where you're going to sleep tomorrow or where your next meal will come from.
 YEAH MAN MY FAMILY LIVED NEXT TO A GUY WHOS FRIEND KNOWS THE FAMILY OF A 1%ER SO I KNOW MAN.  ALSO IT'S KUTTE YOU FUCKIN' MORON DON'T YOU EVER READ WIKIPEDIA? I MEAN SEE ABOVE I KNOW SHIT!
 Thanks and fuck you very much. My decision is what it is and being an ass sure will change my mind
 Good for you! Your uncle sounds like such a terrible person and an asshole!
 But seriously fuck obamacare mirite?
 Didn't you get the memo!? Today is only for sincere heartfelt posts! Not jokes you insensitive butt fucker!
 You don't understand man! Its got the fucking power of the cloud!
 Alright I resume my previous stance Fuck Canada
 Because I got mine and anyone else should be less stupid lazy or unsuccessful. Reap what you sow
 But you're a rich greedy businessman who wipes his ass with hundred dollar bills!
 Yeah fuckin no one has heard of True Romance.
 Yeah the guy who is responsible for the show starting back up again has no fucking idea what he's doing. Moffat's judgement is *obviously* bullshit being willing to listen to a guy like that.
 Yeah fuck actually protecting people who are clearly mentally ill! If I ever had a psychotic episode I'd want authorities to just let me kill myself.
 You accidentally a word must be stupid.
 Mexico over the rest of the world fuck yeah!
 Doesn't matter he doesn't exist! Damn agnosticism sucks!
 Where I'm at the city owns the sidewalk and the patch of grass between it and the road so it kinda makes sense about not blocking the sidewalk.  But those fuckers never mow their fucking lawn and require me to shovel the snow on their sidewalk.
 I was telling you to go to theredpill because you're the kind of idiot who posts in this subreddit because you think that we're all anti-feminist and hate women when that isn't the case.  You respect women really?  Dating while being a man is useless cause women are more flaky than a fucking nerd with OCD.   Oh yeah that sounds really respectful!
 yeah fuck those guys for trying to sell the fights
 Hahaha. Holy shit you're funny
 Upvote for you good sir. Atheists should just shut the fuck up and let everyone else live their lives.
 It's not his job to educate you shitlord.
 Jesus fucking christ your friend burned BK down **twice** because they screwed up his order once?
 Works like a charm... for railroad tycoons and robber barons!  For everyone else get fucked!
 Stupid gamers and their entitlement.
 No shit
 Oh yeah tough guy! You would not call me a dipshit face to face. I see tough guys like you and I kick the shit out of them.
 Those Ds will piss anyone off! Hell even I hate you for getting a D in English!
 No *you* don't understand!  *Wade* is the bad guy!  The submission title set the tone for all of my thinking about this whether it was accurate or not!  And if you tell me I'm basing my impression on inaccurate information it's my duty as a psychologist and as an American to tell you to fuck off.
 Wow you use Internet explorer and watch videos about call of duty? Get the fuck off Reddit.
 Its a fucking imgur link.  That is always the start to an astute discussion
 Oooh gross a penis.
 Black people are all criminals AMIRITE GUYS!!!
  Completly random   -let your teammate die aware this was happening told him to fuck off and your going to continue to farm and not help.    Yeah. I hate it when someone does something stupid. Then I counter it by doing something equally as stupid. Then I get kicked for no reason at all!! So random and the system is so broken because of it!! Don't you hate it when that happens?!?  I remember this one game. This brown called me bad once. So instead of AFKing in the well I decided to farm the jungle all day and not help at all. THEN THEY KICKED ME!! S2 really needs to fix that...
 I get it because our name is futa fan so you like dick women
 THAT'S SO FUCKING FUNNY!!!!!
 **Eat shit and delete your account reposter.**
 Shhh...we don't try to relive it. Damn Elway and his nonsense and now he has a great football team too. Fuck that guy.
 What no tickets?  This thing sucks.
 As long as abortions could be illegal and prayers are in school fuck us all you want!
 god damn it I just hate this! All my girlfriend wants is sex sex sex! So annoying!
 I've really never seen so much profession-based discrimination as on reddit. All police are inherently evil nazis because fuck you. If you're a cop and you get killed by someone you were probably asking for it.
 because this is just some random fuckup
 Davis went first?????????? This draft is fuckin crazy already!!!
 He said RX.  FUCKING LEARN HOW TO READ
 FUCK THE POOR TECHNOLOGICALLY LITERATE CHINESE!!!!!!
 Light bulbs are like 3 bucks. Idiots.
 So you're saying you aren't a hot chick with nice boobs?
 Regulation?  In America?  Are you a fucking communist?!?!?!
 That is so fucked up I cannot even believe you had the balls to type that. Hope you get banned.  *Reported.*
 BUT! BUT! BUUUUTTT! OTHER PEOPLE'S BELIEFS ARE WRONG AND STUPID! I MEAN OBVIOUSLY WHAT I BELIEVE ISN'T STUPID AND SO WHAT I DON'T BELIEVE MUST BE STUPID AND SO PEOPLE WHO DON'T BELIEVE WHAT I BELIEVE ARE STUPID TO BELIEVE THAT WAY. AND IF YOU CAN'T MAKE FUN OF STUPID PEOPLE FOR BEING STUPID HOW CAN YOU MAKE YOURSELF FEEL SUPERIOR TO THEM!?!?
 Damn you and your opinion!!
 But stock android is perfect thats why I only buy nexus phones! All Touchwhiz crap should just die!
 What a le badass! Such a troll IRL with that shirt! U MAD?
 You just have to stop being an asshole.
 Yeah guys he has dreams. Fuck him right?
 He mean't nigga you racist!
 You ableist scumbag!
 Yeah compassion! When you're being called a piece of human filth and people are dropping faggot every other sentence just try compassion! Go right up to that homophobic asshole and give him a hug. Why didn't I think of that.
 She's a Sikh you intolerant pricks.
 They need to stop fucking around and ban college students. Problem solved.
 Your face doesn't exist asshole.
 I'd be willing to bet that we *all* use either the standard deduction or itemize deductions.  You motherfuckers need to stop writing off medical expenses. You're killing this country.
 So Shes paying you 200 to come over and fuck her.  You better think this over could be a bad idea.
 yup sex slavery is pretty damn funny
 But but... respect it and stuff because... people died and stuff and... hey America is actually pretty cool fuck you.
 Expressing opinions? On Reddit? Well fuck you man. Enjoy your downvote.
 ragefaces = funny shit
 You should just accept Fanta089's wisdom and watch a fucking game or two man
 But dont you dare say reddit is full of pedos and rape apologists!! No no! Its just a tiny minority.. Psshhh fucking feminists always overgeneralising amirite?
 because fuck logic.  that's why.
 You shut your whore mouth right this instant!
 Congrats you multiplayer fucks it's not all zombies map
 that's because I'm right mothafucka
 hey fuck redditors who do what the website is built for.
 I dunno I've seen a couple odd things on it like a guy wanting to be shrunk down and used as a butt plug but most of it is  Oh yeah I want a girl to dominate me.  Yeah buddy you're just fuuucked up damn.  I don't know how you even function.
 Seriously...those assholes!
 Yeah.  Because fuck Hyrule!  Link didn't want to... you know go back in time and prevent Ganondorf from ruining the world or anything like that.  He wanted a cool sword and a magical instrument.  That's what the game was really about!
 Yeah fuck 17 year olds who buy websites for $5!
 This is the part where they tell you it wasn't their fault and now with a felony they can never get a good job save up and leave. It's *your* fault you filthy asshole.
 At will employment for the motherfucking win!
 I fucking *love* micro-crafting.
 WHAT THE FUCK?! IS THAT A GIRL?! WITH A BUNNY?! ON TOP OF THAT... WHILE SKATEBOARDING!?
 Yeah they must be kicking themselves over WoW.  What a fuckup
 Cram it down your dick nothing works better.
 Haha it's funny because all big black guys are homicidal!
 Maybe you should suck less.
 Wait you don't want a dick that big for the first time? Or a dick pic!?  For shame.
 i know right? stupid Goyim.
 OMFG IT'S AMAZING HOLY SHIT!!!!!!!!!!
 Hey!  Keep it clean buddy!  There's fuckin' **KIDS** on here!
 Who the fuck does he think he is?  He is not a paramedic!
 Homosexuals are definitely the higher order of assholes. Good on you for fixing that.
  If the officials are dumb enough to fall for it it's not his fault   Fucking genius
 But a wedding is a woman's fucking ENDALLBEALL to existence. You are basically killing and/or raping her by holding that over her head!
 Well shit I guess we should go back to slavery and segregation since he was able to make a living on his own. Those damn uppity niggers being all sensitive that the country that spouts  Freedom for all  enslaved people. The sheer fucking nerve of him.
 [Censorship sucks ass.]
 He has a different opinion than me he must be stupid!
 This takes the totally worthwhile idea of having a clipboard and fucks it up with active shooter fantasies.
 I'm sure this will get people to shut the fuck up about DE Random Number Generator conspiracies.
 Merca lik dum want more go awy skool!!!! NO MO SKOOL!!! NO SKOOL MO MONEY FO ARMY WAR!!! MERCA FUK YA!!
 So fuck. Danny Graham plays for the scum and he's a Geordie.   I hope Ben Arfa's oven gloves aren't any other colour than black and white otherwise he can fuck off out of the club.
 OBVIOUSLY we should hate everyone who is different from us. I mean come on it's not like--wait are *you* different from me?  FUCKING DIE!
 Well then i guess i dont want to open my vagina to some guys skank-stick whose been who knows where. Because the amount of sex you get with will define you regardless of personality reasons etc  HEAVEN forbid women enjoying sex!
 Where did you find it I clicked on it and got something different!  I want a blowjob too dammit!
 Oh shit. How the fuck can the Xbox one call home once every 24 hours on that kind of connection!  Bad move Microsoft!
 According to onepercent you are not a sex god by merely mentioning you might be one. Good luck in your escapades you arrogant small-dicked prick.
 Oh so just because she is black she's a thief!
 I'm a black guy! More porn for me!!!!!  Suck it ciswhitemaleheteronormativeoppressivescums!!!!!!!!11111ONEONEELEVEN!!!!  WHOOOOO!!!!
 THINK OF THE CHILDREN they can't go around seeing natural body parts thats just fucking disgusting it will ruin their little brains
 You mean you don't do exactly the same when you meet a straight female because they'd obviously just want to fuck you right?
 Of course it is are you stupid???
 Yeah well I get angry when people expect me to use my blinker. Fuck you. You don't need to know where I'm going. Nosy ass people I swear.
 Sorry but if you prefer to spend time in a kitchen then you simply aren't a feminist and deserve to (apparently) have your head smashed in with a fucking cast iron skillet.
 New Andy Martin Ad  Mark Kirk is a Homosexual.  This is not rumor it is fact.  His dick tasted like shit the last time I sucked him off at the airport men's room.  May be it's time people knew the truth.  I'm Andy Martin and I've tasted the homosexuality of Mark Kirk ... why should the tax payers do them same?   This message paid for by guys Andy Martin sucked off in a highway rest stop
 I fucking love reposts.
 Totally wasn't the guy fucked up on a combination of prescription pills and illegal drugs.
 I want my grandkids already damnit! stop being so selfish and worrying about your own happiness!
 You shut your dirty peasant consolite mouth! Can you even play Dark Souls at 30fps with a controller? omg scrub gg
 Well maybe she should have put the cinnamon in my fucking latte like I told her to!
 Intel wants to personally fuck you in the ass even if it costs them billions in profits. Makes perfect sense if you think about it.
 Let us make an infinity coin wealth will empower whomever holds it.   Other countries is stupid that they've never done it. I hope it has a big made in america sticker and it's fucking patented.
 Well shit if it's an HBC and you know a handful of people who go there it must be ghetto.
 There is no world beyond the bay. We are the epitome of all that is good.  Fuck everything else.
 Because giving up your shoes for your unprepared female SO makes you an asshole right!
 GLOBAL WARMING IS REAL. Suck it libs.
 Nice conspiracy theory there..  what a bunch of fucking nutjobs over there at the UN.
 You're totally right. Never get close to someone don't trust your partner because all men are assholes who don't respect your autonomy and sexual rights.
 You just need to calm down.... for fucks sake you're an adult!
 A highschooler missed a comma in a post. Sooo fucking cringe-worthy.
 Have you ever served? Not talking down to you...but from someone who has deployed and also had to go through RFI getting all that shit is not always fun. Most times damn near none of that bullshit ends up being used.  Also that one mag pouch you lost costs 50$. Oh shit your ruck is dirty from being in use for 12 months in a hostile country? Looks like you're paying for that.
 vim and emacs both suck. Use pen and paper bitches.
 That analogy sucks. Get a better one. Instant death is not the same as HIV. Go suck a dick and get some AIDS.
 U/gohomegapers is the only person so far to provide the correct answer and every reply you post to him is about how wrong he is.   You're a fucking moron bro. Better find a gas station that sells 94 octane. I bet that would make your car fly!
 Tell that to all the faggots parading around in butless chaps.
 Yeah damn Jews! White power!
 If you can't beat em join em. OP is a faggot!
 Yeah fuck the growth of the league! Canadian teams only! Also only Canadian players!  Furthermore rename it the Canadian Hockey League so we don't get any filthy foreign trash in our sacred game!
 Careful there slick...America sucks around here mmkay?
 GRAMMAR IS VERY IMPORTANT IN TITLES FUCK.
 It's fuck year? Since when?
 Because all women are exactly the same and are shallow bitches who will dump you for a jock!
 Because he may be an asshole but he's *our* asshole.
 Wait are you telling me that there are more ways to pay for WoW than by the month?! Get the fuck outta here.
 Yeah what an asshole.
 You obviously don't get it. Buying any cheap beer instantly makes you a philistine and these people are courteous enough to let you know about your failings as a human being.   *Cue*  Dude have you ever tried Rottenshleignerbauer Blue Wolf Moon Rusty Asshole IPA Lager Hops shit is so good. I buy it from my local hobo who brews it in a toilet just 4 miles from my house. If you drink any beer that's not a local craft beer you're obviously an uncultured faggot.
 But its easier to keep clean! And if you have unprotected sex with an third world sex worker you have a 5% smaller chance of getting AIDS! What a fucking deal am I right?
 No it's not. It's a gay homosexual.
 A rapper that didn't sell heroin to kids?  What an asshole!
 Back home because London is shit.
 Fuck man what are you thinking?  You can't just leave tags open like that. Are you *trying* to break the Internet?  Imma close it for you so we'll all be safe.
 What? He didn't chastise her. He fucking *destroyed* her.
 They use a different card you should see the pig anus one
 And there is nothing wrong with white hoods stupid kkk ruining my fashion statement.
 Damn!  Lots of armed black men.  Better go buy some more guns and ammo!
 Those damn atheists are at it again.
 At that point you turn your fucking car around and smash him head on. Then you drag his bloody and disfigured body out of the car and beat him till hes just a stain on the highway.
 You made it sound like ordering silver rounds from the internet is bad.  And wow that's quite the dirty mouth. XD  I'm sorry to be such a  fuckin idiot .
 but haha dick!
 STFU!  it's none of your business if you are being killed!
 Yes let's all downvote this poster's relevant comments because he's not jumping on the fuck Apple bandwagon.
 Yeah those MOS's they aren't real Marines anyway.  Let them go find some other job bunch of fuckin POGs.
 Well I'm fucked. Not literally because that's not happening again apparently. Damn entitled women wanting to only have sex with god.
 Oh look another fucking hitler joke. This subreddit is in dire need of more of those!
 Because you're so shy you missed her french boobs!
  I did NOT have gay sex! I just did meth! God damn!   This isn't a quote of his but I think this is the excuse he tried to use. Because homosexuality is worse than meth.
 It's a shit test
 I've seen this exact picture about five times on the front page already. God fucking damn you.
 No see that girl sucked a lot of dick. She's even made out with so many people! She's such a slut. She's like the worst person ever. What's worse than being a whore?
 WTF is up with SCOTUS this year?!?! First that stupid  corporations are people  bullshit. And now media companies can own newspaper AND TV stations!!!!   Please SCOTUS make our country spiral down the rabbit whole some more will ya just a little bit more.
 Damn it Castle Crashers isn't historically accurate guys! Didn't you hear those folks calling xbox to ban it??? Why didn't they???
 DUDE HOW FUCKING DARE YOU. THE RING HAS SOMEONE ELSES VOWS ON IT! DO YOU KNOW WHAT THIS MEANS? DO YOU KNOW? WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?????
 Seriously girls. You can have boobies or opinions but you can't have both! Let's shame these sluts right guys?
 calling her 'nigga'... what a boss
 I hate this level so goddamn much because this is what half of each team does.  It's so stupid! *Don't have fun!  Play the game how* **I** *WANT YOU TO PLAY IT!*
 I don't know what idiots are downvoting you...   Obviously you need to shitbucket with the M16 before people here will start to take you seriously
 Hey everyone this guy must have a big penis
 Damn Muslims!
 You anti social freak of nature!  You're sick!!!!
 You're right Mom. The decision *I* made for you to have unprotected sex 9 months before I was even fucking born ruined your life.
 Nah fuck that if he cared so much he'd work around it.
 What are you canadian? Just say fucking CISPA is already about to censor the Internet you don't have to do it for them.
 now you are going too far here! how dare you to suggest it'd be useful. chinese are fucking stupid. the chinese should follow the example of the west: sell the angolan firearms and weapons so they can kill each other while selling diamond for peanut. africans should live in cave anyway
 Because didn't you get the email?  Obama is a terrible evilscarybad muslimSocialistHitler who will destroy our freedoms and liberty!!!11  If the baby's sick or you're stuck in traffic or they're out of whipped cream at Starbucks or Reddit is making fun of fat guys it's probably Obama's fault.
 Remember guys don't show emotion don't miss anyone don't appreciate small gifts that your children may have given you etc. or else you are a **total pussy** and deserving of ridicule.
 And they  don't live in my neighborhood  so fuck them.
 Yeah don listen to them old niggas talking about how it was back in their days. Shit's just old people rap.
 Can you zoom in a bit more? I can't see shit.
 No problem. They will apologize for fucking up your life. They might even give you a gift card for your trouble.
 You are gross... go away!
 I bet his other emblem is boobs. Lolz soooo funny seeing boobs!
 ARE YOU KIDDING RELIGION= STUPID FAIRY TALE SKY DADDY YOU CANT BE RELIGIOUS AND SMART!?!?!?!!
 Oh no we suck again
 Probably a pussy Harley with a windshield.
 Now that's just not being  MN nice .  Then again fuck them cheeseheads.
 FUCK THOSE GUYS   [ensalada y papa frita?]
 Yeah damn hippies.
 just get into furry porn! no shortage of ridiculously enormous dicks there.
 Are y'all twins y'all look so much alike!?!?  No you dumb cunt I don't even know that guy.
 Fuggin' guy is lucky that 5 cops didn't all decide at the same time to shoot his ass dead.  But that's never happened - has it?
 Kick all the people.
 You jerk!
 WOW BECAUSE ALL WOMEN HAVE SEX RIGHT?  GOSH SUCH DUMB MALE PEOPLE FEMINISTS FTW LOL
 Damn cyclists
 Oh great! Now thanks to you I'll be watching Breaking Bad all over again. I hope you're fucking happy!
 Ah yeah slut shaming propositioning young girls and emotional blackmail all at once! He's a keeper ladies.
 On a daily basis there is a multitude of black on black murder.  Every so often is there black on white murder.  Neither of those type of cases is nationwide news.  But if there is white(ish) on black murder hold the presses this is fucking critical news!!!
 Yeah fuck him for trying to do something with his money.  He should really just keep it in those off-shore accounts and go on vacation.
 You say it like reddit isn't the same fucking website the whole year round. I heard kids aren't allowed to get on reddit at school so they follow the rules and don't get online.
 BOMB THE BASTARDS! DON'T BELIEVE THE SANDNIGGERS HYPE!
 No it looks stupid like a soap opera.
 Fuck you for saying bad things against Mark and defending Vettel Vettel sucks Red Bull has the best car ever that is the only reason Vettel isn't last every race.
 9/11 happened because we didn't have shit like that yeah fuck them Republicans.
 Ya... Paying for something and then not trying at it.  Definitely the colleges fault. Fuck college.
 no you fucking shitlord! men only worry about abelist beuty. There are no fat serial killers. Serial killers require a certain level of physical strength being the cis-abelist scum men are they are not afraid of serial killers because serial killers are not a threat to the patriarchy!
 How dare you not remember a boring trivial tidbit you learned in in a 101 course. WHAT ARE YOU AN IDIOT!????  How do you expect to make anything if you don't know the complexities of RGB vs CMYK!!!!!!?????  GO BACK TO SCHOOL!! YOU PROBABLY LOVE COMIC SANS !!
 No its just stupid americans at it again.  God americans are so stupid.   I hate americans.
 Can't you read shitlord?  A man can say anything including calling his ex a  crazy bitch . A woman has no control what she or anybody else says about her ex because patriarchy.
 If you're not black you cant say nigger.  Its *racist*
 But  OP is a faggot  is still totally not homophobic right? because faggot is just a generic insult.
 This isn't harsh it's just common sense you entitled shit.
 Hey you.. Get your fucking logic and rational thinking out of r/politics.  There is no place for that around the hivemind!
 Yeah! I mean how *dare* those police officers protect those women's rights to worship as well as their very lives from a bunch of bigoted fucked up in the head ultra-orthodox Jews!
 2:48am? Pushing the fucking boundaries or what?
 I think it's somewhat overkill that as soon blades come out of your mouth slaves will fuck you. It's like the cherry on top!
 Sounds like your roomate is sexually frustrated chump with no game hatin' on you due to being jealous.
 Its got that damn Union Jack on it.
 obviously a shit show because now your coxs have too much muscle mass
 Oh! USA please elect this guy as prez. And he can laid USA to rest in peace! Never ceases to amaze me! You sure do have sole ownership of endless 'FUCKTARDS' of all human civilization.
 Adding features to a console to allow it to do *more* than just play games? Yeah fuck that.
 No way man you're definitely the worst.  If I were to go to Florida cheering for UGA I'm sure I would never ever get annoyed at fans who cheer for the school!  Fucking Ohio.
 Druggie!
 You can tell it's unscripted by the way he had a laptop cued up with the karaoke version of the song she picked!!! Definitely no fuckery afoot here.
 But false rape accusations don't happen it's only like 2% you shitlord.
 But it's not that much of a hassle to have a fake alternative account!    You are simply being lazy!!!!!
 Because you're devil loving sand niggers.
 Zeus is all powerful.  Fuck Thor.  Zeus shits on Thor.  Come on fellow Zeusists JIHAD!  Die blasphemer!
 stfu sheeple!
 Shut up commie!
 bad ass...
 What an unemployed scumbag you are
 The ungrateful bastard!
 Yes !!!  Ever take a Kidney?  That's $5K on the black market. Let the fucker bleed out who cares.
 But that's not what reddit likes! You need to act like you're better than everyone else and smoke out of a diamond studded glass bong and a 1300 dollar glass chillum shaped like snoop lions dick!
 Why is this getting downvoted?   How dare you say being a woman on the internet isn't that bad! NO you're sexualized and repressed goddamn it and you should be mad!
  That my bf really doesn't like it when I flash my tits to a room full of people  NO WAY he doesn't like it.
 Naw see dem NASCAR fans are all Yocal Southerners with no job Hyuck Hyuck.
 they're crying over potential lost power. boo-fuckin-HOO.  if people reject religion these assholes might actually have to *get a job doing something productive to society*!   perish the thought!
 DON'T TELL ME HOW TO IMPROPERLY WEAR BRAS BECAUSE I'M A WOMAN THESE ARE MY BOOBS NOT YOURS WITH YOUR STUPID KNOWLEDGE.
 Dude... You gotta have sex at least 3 times a week then your gay.
 Yeah! He stole Free Willy and Hope Floats! String his ass up!
 Monsters are allergic to bullshit
 If you dont stop using those mean words we gonna shoot you in the damn mouth. Justice!
 You just hate her because she is a black woman.
 Oh really!? It was just a joke? Well fuck I didnt realize!
 Democrats are the real nazis! They want to control what we can say! If you're so tolerant why can't you tolerate intolerant ideas! You're nazis!!!!!!!!!!
 you buy the 64 gb version for 50 usd per gigabyte stupid!
 Lol you're terrible at this game and you should feel bad about yourself
 You can't say that your racist bastard.
 You gotta give it to him... he's got some big balls
 Nope it's ridiculous.  Mack's lost it and we'll be twisting in the wind until he's gone and hopefully not much longer after that.  But hey fuck you we're rich!
 JEWS ARE LITERALLY HITLER
 Thanks dude! Calling me a faggot really hurt my feelings! You're so tough!
 But fuck the Catholic church *amirite?*
 you're probably right. *Only in the U.S*. can having a lot of money get you out of shit.
 Right once you get that sperm all up inside of you then you live the high life sitting on top of a pile of gold like Scrooge McDuck with your kid locked in the basement.
 It's a bit sad the fuck you ea threads got 1300 upvotes real quick and this has only 43 at this time...  I guess people here like certain kind of news more.
 HEY THAT'S NOT FAIR  FUCK  IS STILL THE MOST HILARIOUS AND EDGY WORD THAT HAS EVER EXISTED.
  Where do you keep your gun?    I cut my thigh open and keep it in my skin.   ...How the fuck does this guy not have any friends?
 FUCK THAT! YOU CAN HAVE MY GUNS WHEN YOU PRY EM FROM MY COLD DEAD FINGERS YOU SOCIALIST ELITIST GODLESS LIBERAL COMMIE!  GOD BLESS THE U S OF A AND RANCH DRESSING AND SUPPORT OUR TROOPS! FREEEEEEEEEEDOM!
 Your totally right. Fuck it just burn them and buy them again after each read.
 I hate how people accused  dumb  of meaning stupid. It has NEVER meant stupid.
 you're obviously a racist.
 Guise this is super funny... Cuz it's Bang*cock* and they're talking about trans people. Get it? It's kinda intellectual and high brow. That guy had to work for that joke. Sew funne!
 No really? You're shitting me!
 Completely!  Our troops should be cold killing machines with no emotions!  Fuck getting fun and enjoyment out of life I want them to murder and that's that.
 But clearly as shes a fuckin buddy hopper cam whore cocaine abusing ulcer-having slut the OP had no interest in her.
 Don't you want to buy the latest 10 bladed window blinds face scraping technology?  Women won't like you if you miss a spot shaving or get razor burn and your boss will think your stupid incompetent and can't shave if you've got 5 o'clock shadow at 2 o'clock!!!  Buy our goop in a can it's specially formulated to smell good and make women fall all over you. You're not a loser are you?
 Yeah OP! Asshole!
 I know right it's so fucking realistic!
 How funny! The guys is black and he plays sports for a living. He must be so stupid!
 What a shame that there's only *one* woman smart enough to make this supercut! Stupid stupid women..
 Are you saying a 17 year old doesnt want to raise a kid with a 13 year old? Youre an idiot.
 Its so simple you idiot:  Just be a self-made man.  I don't get what's so hard about that - these fucking complainers that make up 40% of the workforce.
 But dude ancient and non-20th century humans were so fucking stupid. There's no way they were close to smart. Surely you already know about the DARK ages.
 Silly redditor libural!  Obama ain't Hitler!  He's the Muslim Communist Hitler Anti-Christ!  Y'all needs to watch ya sum Fox News!!!
 You already get it in welfare you lazy peasants!
 I stand outside my home constantly looking at my watch pacing back and forth and when they driver shows up I go  Well what took so fucking long  I sign the pad and throw the teathered stylius back and mutter  Asshole  as I walk back inside.
 Fuck I forgot I was browsing Tumblr right now.
 I'm glad we can all tell it's a woman!  Stupid women!
 yeah lets bother the fuck out of famous people that will only make reddit better
 Holy Crap! You're so smrt!
 My niece isn't fluent at 6 I have no idea why next year she's going to a special school that won't fuck her up at all
 The kind of awful person who makes friends from other cultures you're disgusting!
 So it doesn't matter then. Same goes for people in Fallujah too. Let's just spread radioactive crap all over other nations. Fuck 'em.
 lol downvotes  SUCK IT (DISGUSTING) HABITUAL SMOKERS
 damn those fat guys who want to lose weight but get sweaty also and want to cool off.
 More shitty battle network games.  yippee!
 I just love the fact that steam can install software on my computer remotely.  ISN'T THAT THE FUCKING SHIT?
 Pfft helping your favorite artists make a living?  Who the fuck who do such a silly thing?  It's not like they're providing a good or service for you.
 Because literally every christian is a dick!
 no naniwa is bm worse than any other player ever. he will never get my respect and i will never be his fan. fuck him and everyone who thinks mc or idra bm'ing is comparable to this swedish prick with no respect for anyone.
 I totally agree. I mean just the other day I was talking to this guy who has a really annoying verbal tic. I asked him to stop doing it because it was bugging me but he kept doing it anyway. So I PUNCHED HIM IN THE FUCKING FACE.
 Shut up commie.
 Yes Behr and Glidden are complete shit.
 Wow what a toxic attitude thats really fucked up so many people watching and he just dunks un him while the kid is just trying to improve
 Came here to say this. What a bunch of fucking retards Lol not surprising.   Yeah keep killing your own people it'll really help with winning support.
 Was just about to say...  Fuck Rosie the Riveter bitch was just in it for karma and attention obvs.  But grumpy cat shirt?  Nah that's ok.
 He is the 1%.  He is a greedy ass wipe who doesn't pay his fair share.  Capitalism is a failure.
 Because having a hat with a sticker on it makes you 50% more likely to be a dick. And wearing a suit means your a nice guy which is why there is never any crime committed by those in the middle class and above. Also those damn muslims wearing their traditional garb if you don't want to be a terrorist then don't dress like one! Come on!
 Yeah fuck him for spending his free time playing video games and making videos. I'm just going to make this rash assumption that he is a no life even though I know nothing about his personal life.
 Why are you ruining my outlet for populist rage rtwpsom2. I WANT TO BE UPSET ABOUT THE BIG BAD EVIL CAPITALISTIC EMPLOYERS THAT EXPLOIT ME! EVEN THOUGH I HAVEN'T WORKED A DAY IN MY LIFE I'M JUST A COLLEGE STUDENT WHAT THE FUCK.
 Wtf man I just started the anime 5 minutes ago. You're a prick
 Of course! all black people are liars!
 Yeah they're so evil for donating to charity. Fuck their money.
 Yeah fuck equal rights activists
 Only reason you got that was because everyone on PC sucks.
 You mongrels are a bunch of cunts.
 Atheists on reddit are all assholes amirite!!
 ...unless you're gay.
 But come on man it's just so fucking hard to move my finger a fraction of an inch to scroll past links I don't want to read!!
 But my kid could do that. Not that he actually did or anything. But it still sucks.
 Women showing their breasts is a sign of them throwing off the yoke of patriarchy.   A man showing his penis is literally rape.
 Ludicrous? How dare you! The bible is infallible! Why would you say the word of God is Ludicrous? You must be atheist.
 slut.
 You didn't find it that interesting BECAUSE you didn't finish it stupid!
 Damn publishers *forcing* you to buy their video games.  What kind of world is this?
 you have to give to him he has a very sweet asshole
 This will be going on his permanent record!  Remember when you spilled that milk when you were 12?  **That's** why your life sucks.
 BUT DUDE! PANDAS?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME? FUCK ALL THE OTHER FEATURES THEY ARE ADDING! THIS ONE DETAIL THAT ACTUALLY ISNT AS BAD AS I AM MAKING IT OUT TO BE IS TOTALLY INFURIATING! I AM UNSUBBING!
 You hasbara jidf shill!
 Nice try NSA intern.  Fuck your privacy agreements when they break the law and spy on citizens without a warrant.  4th amendment or get the fuck out.  You don't get to violate fucking privacy then get butthurt when someone does the same to you.  Sorry Uncle sam what's good for the goose (the government) is good for the gander (the people).  Deal with it.  I hope the whole fucking things burns down and we the people celebrate the end of closed doors secret spying.  They want to use secrets to get at our secrets.  THAT'S FAIR.
 A man crying because he got sex? What is he gay? And you can't rape a man!
 Well said. I'd only link to the official arsenal store from the sidebar anyway and being that they're not giving me a kickback fuck that noise.
 Because opposing the fucking theocrats trying to use the power of the state to cram their religion down everyone's throats has no relevance to atheists.
 Obviously you are a terrorist.
 Wikipedia doesn't know shit.
 You forgot to mention how Brady hoke is dumb and fat lol hahaha omg fat and a coach.
 shut it or we'll stab you.
 You racist!
 No silly!   Bitcoins are the future.
 Because he's a shitty parent for leaving his young kids unsupervised.   Obviously it's someone else's fault when something goes wrong!
 I know right! These ads are getting in the way of our gaming! I can't stand it when I want to play Boarderlands 2 &amp; there's an ad right in the corner of the dashbaord right before I launch the game! I mean it just turns me off &amp; I don't even want to play anymore! Fuck you Microsoft!
 pussies.
 Butt sex perhaps!
 I don't know man. It told my girlfriend to stick a pencil up my dickhole and I loved it!
 Yeah all sex is rape.
 Yeah self expression on your self is just stupid.
 Yeah man fuck businesses!  Capitalist pigs who work for money to support their families make me want to vomit.  AND THE GOODS AND SERVICES THEY PROVIDE CREATING A VIBRANT MARKET PLACE ARE ABHORRENT.  Down with the individual!!  SURRENDER TO THE STATE!  PROFIT IS CRIME!
 Oh so if a girl pleasures herself with a wiimote it's ok but if a guy pleasures himself with an Xbox it's sick? Fucking double standards. Keep spanking that Xbox show the world you are free.
 It's too easy! Editing photos MUST be hard! If you find it easy to edit photos ALL YOUR PHOTOS SUCK!
 Yeah sucks sometimes I guess were just stuck with
 I am glad you came out and said this seeing as everyone here wants to hear your opinion so damn bad.
 Disgraceful!
 Well you're an Islanders fan so obviously you want Crosby to die and you throw bottles at your own goalie!
 Yeah because it is just so damn hard to do. Hot girls aren't normal people like you or me.
 Because all the fat shaming corporations give all the good money making jobs to skinny anorexic bitches just to keep fat people too poor to buy healthy!
 Lucky guy. This time the Gay didn't get you but keep on your toes man. The dick threat is everywhere. See one and the Gay will swallow you alive. Be careful out there fellow homophobes. Fear is your first line of defense. Shall you ever see a dick you need to resist the urge of sitting on it with all of God's might.
 Yea but you're obviously a terrorist.
 Yeah caring for animals and the natural world is totally stupid.
 because women are just sexual objects.
 You got her booze pot snuck her in when she was drunk hid that she was whoring it up got her treatment for an STI without your parents knowing. Basically you paved the way for her to do whatever the fuck she wanted indefinitely. Way to be a good big brother
 GOOD MORNING EVERY ONE I JUST FUCKED MY DAUGHTER AND SMOKED SOME WEED
 What do you mean Cutler's good but not great?! Are you stupid or something?! Look what Cutler has done with the piss poor weapons at WR and shotty OL and STILL nearly led them to a Super Bowl in 2010. He's probably the most underrated QB in the league!
 Yea every time I see a designated driver at my favorite bar I make sure to let the bouncers know so they can kick them the fuck out.
 Yes let's give Africa back to the whites! Damn blacks can't manage anything on their own!
 Join the Navy. You even get paid to do it. So far I've seen Iraq Kuwait Turkey and even got to spend one night in Scotland! Fuck yeah!
 i would have shot that Bill Hicks whoever he is such a smug.
 Hey PC Gamers that supported our game big surprise announcement coming up...we're releasing it on CONSOLES with new content! Fuck y'all!
 Because dude when a hardcore PvP Group that cleared all of your PvE and PvP content in less than a month leaves your story driven PvE MMO.  YOU KNOW YOUR FUCKED.
 No all resist they're clearly shit.
 What's the first thing his  Most holy person  did after getting the COMMAND of  Don't murder ...     If you answered killed 2000 motherfuckers you would be correct. Not hypocritical at all.
 All 15 year olds are douchebags with backwards caps and yolo shirts don't you know this!?
 Shoot where you want the bullets to go.
 KILLING PEOPLE IS COOL!
 ITS OKAY THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH HOMOSEXUALITY IN ISLAM BECAUSE ITS THE ACT OF SODOMY THAT IS WRONG SO YOU CAN BE AS GAY AS YOU WANT AS LONG AS YOU DONT DO SODOMY MASHALLAH ISLAM IS SUCH A TOLERANT RELIGION
 Oh wow she got owned. I bet he's just rolling in pussy now.
 No you don't understand. If you don't want to see a behind the balls angle or see a dude's face as he finishes you're homophobic.
 I don't have any proof of fucking extraterrestrials but SOMEHOW I was able to enjoy *Alien*.... that's amazing I should post it to r/atheism.
 But don't you see!? The white guys can't do anything because dem spics have stolen their jerbs!
 But it's always okay to call OP a faggot!
 Yeah that audio to midi and audio to drum rack technology is complete shit.
 Dude it's all about the AC. Fuck beer bro it's overrated.
 Yeahalso... whats with goddamn queers?! why don't they just let women who like em' fuck em'?
 I think it's sad and disgusting and sexist and just generally wrong and fucked up.   She acts as if all men are fucking child rapists just lurking in the corner waiting to see a preschooler pee.   I mean it's not like a *woman* could molest a child too right? Women totally *never* do things like that.
 Halt the presses a gaybro has a crush on his straight friend. This has literally never happened before and certainly never been posted about here 8 fucking trillion times!
 I agree let's execute those corrupt pigs who ticket people for running stop signs.
 Well it's just aggravating for the Daytime-Weekday gunnits who put in full time hours analyzing and critiquing every * hey I had a fun day at the range * picture.   I mean just because you look up for two seconds while you're shooting with your rifle down range so your boyfriend can snap a picture is no excuse. There are *rules* damn it!
 You're all actually lizard people and I'm the reincarnation of Jesus.   My beliefs are just as valid as anyone else and if you try to disprove it will only go to show how stupid you actually are.
 Omg we must get rid of GMO fucking monsanto ruining our food and silk supplies wake up sheeple
 Huh..You must be a rapist or a rape apologist
 Don't suggest that I be skeptical you menstrual nazi-cunt bitch!
 Gross.
 It's a ruse! BOMB THEM!!!
 Gross.
 Oh!  This happened in Brazil they don't count. Spray their ass!
 As a short guy: I hate you.
 You MONSTER!
 Where's your sense of humor? Rape is hilarious!
 Need a Panda Buffet...the most useless inept creatures that people seem to be crazy about saving on the globe. All these stupid bears do is eat and shit bamboo..they can't even get sex right...much better to make them into rugs and coats and be done with them.
 Oh oops you're right. Black people and gay people are different because it's ok to discriminate against gay people.
 Yeah I'm definitely swimming in men. Sucks for you guys.
 Holy shit finally.
 damn i think you're right!!
 Because fuck diplomacy right? Let's just go back to fighting it out every couple of decades.
 But... but... boobs!
 Yeah let's not be pussies and go out and DO something about this. Let's violate the property rights of the people who employ those of us too stupid to build a business for a ourselves. Then let's cry out for more State funded programs to dumb us down further.
 THIS MEME IS DEAD!!! How dare you revive it!!
 SHUT THE FUCK UP FUCK YOU
 No. Fuck off.
 fuck you and your nice bike with nice exhaust. Have a shitty upvote you prick.
 fucking union assholes.
 Fuck off christian scum
 FUCK YOU COMMIE!!
 yeah and fuck homoparental families! fuck gay people!
 NO FUCK YOU
 HOW DARE YOU DISAGREE WITH MY HUMOUR YOU FUCKING PIECE OF SHITT PISS ANT WHORE WHAT DO YOU DO WHO ARE YOU YOU COCK ASS CUNT FUCKER PIECE OF SHIT MOTHER FUCKER DICK ILL KILL YOUR MOTHER AND PISS ON HER GRAVE YOU PIECE OF SHIT FUCKING FUCKER FUCKFACED FUCKNUGGET ILL KILL YOU WHERE DO YOU LIVE ILL FUCKING KILL YOU YOU FUCK
 Fuck you slut.
 Get the fuck out of here what with all your logic bullshit.
 this guy is a fucking misogynist fuck this guy.
 Fuck off oldfag.
 Fucking hipsters.
 ur jus fucking scum
 Fucking radical religious fucks ruinin my right to poke!
 Fuck you! Benned!
 WHY ARE YOU SO FUCKING CIS YOU PIG?
 If you fucking cheese you're a fucking noob. End of story.
 Check your fucking privilege faggot
 Fuck women! Fuck the oppressors!
 OMFG YOU FUCKING RETARD! THE BIBLE NEVER SAYS APPLE! YOU'RE GOIN TO HELL!
 Thug Life motherfucker.
 Yep Alan Turing was one stupid motherfucker.
 Well fuck you too you Socialist bastard.
 OH YOU ARE RIGHT NOT BUYING THIS GAME AT ALL IT FUCKING SUCKS
 Yeah fuck human rights! Lets all kill some niggers!
 Fuckin' pussy.
 Sympathizes with Islam?!  FUCKING TERRORIST PIECE OF SHIT! YOU GO TO HELL! YOU GO TO HELL AND YOU DIE THERE!
 Fuck you and your bowel movements.  You're obviously not a serious gamer if you can't handle a little shit and piss in your pants and a bit of malnutrition due to starvation.
 Yea Fuck the radar! Who needs that Shit!
 Damn breeders and their fucking crotchfruit!!
 FUCK YEAH FUCK THOSE FAGS LETS GO PLAY COD BRO
 Rude motherfuckers deserve a bullet.
 YEAH FUCK YOU DAD!
 Hey fuck you man for making light of a totally serious and dire situation. Asshole!
 Damn that's some fucked up shit.
 24 fuck you all!
 Fuck you mane you don't know my life.
 Wow you sick fuck.
 FUCK YOUR OPINION!
 Carlin? Care to fucking explain on your fucking thoughts on how/why he fucking   sold out  in yer opinion? He was a fucking great friend of mine to the motherfucking end and I'd be fucking pissed if he didn't expect me to fucking go and fucking tearing him a new fucking ass if he fucking did.  Now fucking shut up and fucking say fucking sorry you motherfucker!
 fuck you it was all completely luck
 Fuck you for being successful crack baby!
 Nah man fuck gOD and fuck gANDALF.
 yeah this guys right FUCK HOMOSEXUALITY!!!
 FUCK YOU PIRACY IS A HUMAN RIGHT!
 IT'S JUST A COINCIDENCE YOU STUPID ASSHOLES SHUT UP!
 It can be but I wouldn't say it always is you fucking nigger faggot.
 Fuck you and your facts! Downvote!
 How dare this god damn sonofabitch post the fucking rules to this fucking subreddit. The nerve of some people!
 Fuck you too flatlander!
 Ew you like partying and drinking? You sound like a fucking douche. Kill yourself now.
 American Motherfucker!
 fucking southern Europeans Italians Spaniards all of them are fucking lazy pricks. damn they are so lazy and stupid we consider them to be to be glorified Africans.
 But they're fuckin' gay!
 FUCK YOU THIS IS AMERICA IF YOU DONT LIKE IT YOU CAN LEAVE
 Fuck you for being poor and stuff.
 Because my music is better than yours FUCK YOU!
 Yeah guy! Fuck you!!! No excuses!!!
 Yeah bro if you don't wanna fuck a high schooler you're totally gay.
 FUCK YOU MAN WHAT DO YOU EVEN DO
 Yeah because fuck everyone who can't afford the first two years of basic classes at a university.  They're all stupid illiterate trash at junior colleges.  Fucking worthless immigrants and the like.
 Fuck!!!!!!
 god damnit kobe pass the fucking ball
 you're a fucking badass. you just OWNED 9gag dude.
 Yeah fuck those little bastards.
 I will fuck you if you rub that pussy in my face again.
 Wow. Wow. How about you and your scummy mates fuck off back to Ol' Blighty with your fish and chips and white bread you fucking convict.
 Because its MY MONEY. YOU CAN'T HAVE ANY YOU LAZY FUCKS.
 Dyslexic you abelist fuck.
 cause fuck liberals
 NO I DON'T EVER FEEL THAT FUCKING WAY YOU FUCKTARD !!!1!1!
 because fuck you that's why
 you are one really original mother fucker.
 Yeah what a fucking ripoff.
 Wait!!!!!!!!!  You're a fucking Papist????????????  Screw you!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 You know what man ... fuck you!
 Fucking racist tea-baggers.  Pay your taxes and like it!
 I think you're full of shit!
 Damn right. Fuck that bitch. 10 years will teach her!!!!!11!
 Yeah fuck you for being proud of your kid.  Your kid is what's wrong with the world being all smart and shit and not going around being an idiot like the people on Jersey Shore.  Boooo! your books and whatnot.  Watch Honey Boo Boo like the rest of us.
 You think she fucked his nasty ass and sucked his dick for nothing ?!?!
 shit answer this ama sucks.
 I'm french and fuck you.
 Yeah just hit the fucking brat
 Yeah let's start treating all the animals like shit!  Fuck 'em!
 You think this is a motherfuckin game??
 What a fucking hero.  That bitch for pressing charges.
 WHAAAAAT?! SRS turns on one of their own?! NEVER! I CALL FUCKING BULLSHIT!!!!
 Entitled fucking poor people
 You talk like a fag and your shit's all retarded.
 Holy shit he is fucking that chick so hard on that pic
 Yes you are fucked
 notice the peace signs up side down?!?!?! Fucking terrorist bitch!
 GETTIN SICK OF YOU MAKING ME SO THIRSTY FUCK
 Fuck you for expressing your opinion have a downvote!
 FUCK NO. IT'S THOSE STUPID FUNDIE REPUBLICANS WHO ARE RUINING AMERICA.
 Fucking Arty imbalance
 Yeah fuck this guy
 Yeah fuck gophers.
 OMG ELITIST FUCK!!!!
 Either your a rich mother fucker or you stole them
 you into your sister? acceptable. you into watching your wife get fucked? we'll cheer you on! you're into dressing up like an animal? fuck that shit you weirdo!
 Shut up faggot I bet you're christian
 Fucking sexist!
 Fuck me thats gunna be fun.
 Fuck yeah you don't need to reimburse that asshole for all his hard work when you can steal it.
 **FUCKING CUNT** *HOLY SHIT!!*
 Should have worn his fucking Safety-helmet ... always stay SFW fuckers
 As a fucker named Tucker  That joke never gets old
 But it's so fuckin' edgy and grown up. You're a fag for not agreeing.
 Stop saying eggs Josh! Fuck!
 Second amendment bitches. Right to bare arms! Fucking liberals!
 Yes. Fuck Germany.
 Fuckin' Democracy lovin' hippies kill 'em all!
 How dare you agree!  lets downvote the fucker
 No free stickers!?  Suck a bag of dicks!
 FUCK YOU SAFARI AND ALL Y'ALL MACBOOK FAGS!
 Yeah fuck minorities!!
 Fuck You!!! You're ruining the league! You won't be happy until they turn it into two-hand touch.
 **Gravity is a lie you fucking NSA shill!**
 Fucking no one.
 You know what? fuck your facts.
 Ha fucking casuals!
 Yeah man fuck infrastructure!
 TL;DR no fucking picture
 Hahaha a poop joke YOU'RE FUCKING HILARIOUS.
 Yeah man how 'bout those libraries? Fucking taking money from my paycheck to give a bunch of spicks books. Fuck that. Also... what's with those disability checks and shit? Oh you can't walk? Use the fucking computer you lasy basterds fuck.
 Goddamnit this fucking repost again?!??
 ...fucking rich people.
 Fuck off we're full.
 You're fucked OP!
 Fucking righties.
 Fuckin' misogynist.
 Yeah Man on the moon sucks and I suck dicks.
 For smoking you ASSHOLE.
 yeah dude all girls can get sex WHENEVER THEY WANT. fuckin' bitches!!!!11
 Fuck her.
 You're right.  We should just fuck poor people right in the ass.
 da fuck is wrong with you?
 I'll wave at anything on 2 wheels. Fuck you trikes!
 Oh no you don't give a fuck? But my entire worldview was based on all the fucks you give!!! Whatever will I do now?
 yeah fuck those curryniggers amirite
 yeah why do these faggots do anything other than FUCKING BANG.
 Since fuck you that's when.
 THE FUCK DID YOU SAY TO ME?! COME TO TEXAS ASSHOLE AND I'LL BLOW YOU AWAY. I'VE GOT AN ARSENAL THAT WOULD MAKE SYRIA JEALOUS. TEST ME YOU COMMUNIST BASTARD.
 THE FUCK DID YOU SAY TO ME?! COME TO TEXAS ASSHOLE AND I'LL BLOW YOU AWAY. I'VE GOT AN ARSENAL THAT WOULD MAKE SYRIA JEALOUS. TEST ME YOU COMMUNIST BASTARD.
 Hey fuck you! I hope the Doctor leaves you to the Daleks with that attitude of yours!
 Why are you being such a little bitch?!?!
 Yeah but you're stupid and fat.  Nyaaaaa!!
 Right? Just because your husband endangers your family and kills a bunch of people is no reason to give him any shit. Back in the kitchen you stupid bitch!
 Why feed them at all they are just fucking criminals.
 ya but you lived in st. thomas so fuck you
 FUCKING MISOGYNIST!
 Fucking obama and his socialist nazi agenda! How is this going to create jobs!
 Shut up and grab your pitchfork! Obama is a dick!
 4 pubes on a toilet seat...Damn...that's fucked up.
 Probably no fucking refills either.
 GET THE FUCK OUT
 It's GLaDOS fucking casuals man.
 Yeah if people would just get a fucking job we wouldn't be in this mess. Fucking worthless moochers.
 Woah you just said fuck dead kids. That's hardcore.
 OF COURSE ITS OKAY YOU STUPID FUNDIE
 Clearly she has cushings you assholes!
 Yeah fuck blue.
 Fuck this shit! We should all call him JoMo. He is the special one he is the king of all managers he is JoMo.    And if you use Jose or Mou I am sorry but you are a twat.
 YEAH MAN. FUCK DA SYSTEM
 Fine but fuck you for calling me an average prostitute. I'm spectacular!
 Fine but fuck you for calling me an average prostitute. I'm spectacular!
 Man fuck Karl Malone!
 Fucking kids how DARE they show real human emotion!
  is you fucking retarded?
 yeah I know right I don't fucking want a Gnosis either what a shitty reward.
 Oh fuck yes ANOTHER cod/minecraft channel sign me the fuck up
 It's so we can call you guys fat ugly and stupid.
 Yeh let's hope they all die off. Fuck human beings believing in a different religion!
 Fucking Mendelian inheritance and its anti-Semitic bias.
 Yeah people speaking a language other than English is so fucking annoying.
 Spoiler alert!  I mean fuck!
 Breeders and their fucking crotchfruit...
 Well aren't you a treat. Also: *you're. But yeah the American fans are the dumb fucks.
 You talk like a fag 'n' shit!
 Time to let the poor die on the streets. I got my healthcare! Fuck you!
 Fuck it! Bring Chilly back!!
 Stupid LA fans.
 About fucking time.
 Fucking Reach.
 More shit that never happened...but hey fuck fat girls! Upvotes!
 What a fucktard. If I match up with him I will taunt him all game long losing ELO won't matter.
 Yeah! Fuck people who hate other people!
 Except for the gays. Fuck the gays.
 Clearly you are a scum bag who can't even watch the full episode of an amazing show!  Try harder next week...bitch magnets yo etc etc.
 But only MEN can have opinions!!!! Being a woman with an opinion obviously means she sucks dicks all day long.
 Fuck no he was banging my wife the scum deserved to die.
 yeahh! shut up and let poor chinaman do his hard work you white nose scumbags!
 Fuck the Jews. Take that JDL.
 Well fuck.   How did you know?!  Are you peeping in my window?
 narrenburg wrote:   Yea! The only thing a man is good for is fucking. The only way to show her you mean business is to fuck fuck fuck!
 narrenburg wrote:   Yea! The only thing a man is good for is fucking. The only way to show her you mean business is to fuck fuck fuck!
 FUCK YEA!!!
 Yeah fuck the poor good for nothing lazy bastards
 That's probably because you're a faggot!
 It's sexist to only fuck girls.
 Fuck your natural rights I run this country now
 Well it kind of is.  Those fucking poor people should quit being so damn lazy and stop asking for handouts!!!
 Fuck u obama is the debil.  Bengazi gays abortion sandy hook guantenamo all obeezy's fault.
 What a fucking surprise government officials breaking the rules and not giving a fuck? BUT HOW COULD THEY!!!!
 I thought the rule for lane C was to go whatever damn speed you want and when you see someone trying to get into the lane from an on-ramp you speed the fuck up so that asshole can't get ahead of you.
 You don't understand.  seanx820 worked hard to get where he is you lazy fuck.
 yeah because you know all you people are the same.  you rich pothead fucks.
 No fuck you that's too much ez logic.
 Fuck you for thinking. Take a downvote.
 Yeah watch out. A few seconds of watching assfucking may make you gay.
 Hk. fuck everbody else!
 Yeah! Fuck people who wanna make money from their own content!
 I watch Beck so I'm pretty sure the word is  Oligarh  you ignorant fuck.
 Excuse you it was a PIG. Not a fucking teddy bear. Get your facts straight plebe.
 Who the fuck is Jordan Cameron.
 Fuckin goths making us preps look bad.
 What a fuckin' surprise.
 And you fuck up the title. Way to go
 WHY WONT YOU SHUTUP AND REALIZE EVERYTHING IS HOPELESS ALL THE TIME! God! Its like you think your life is worth something.  NOTHING IS WORTH ANYTHING AT ALL KEEP YOUR FUCKING HEAD DOWN AND SHUT THE FUCK UP AT ALL TIMES.
 Yeah it fucks everything up.
 No! You like what I like or fuck you! And I'll tell you why you are wrong!
 Yeah doctors probably don't fucking know shit.
 Pick the one you like best and own it. You'll be known as that fun person who says X in what I believe to be a good way. If you don't want that then go fuck yourself.
 So  your a fucking black cunt you black cunt!  = 8 games   And   You black cunt you knob head  = 4 games  Seems fair to me
 This is why you don't have a girlfriend miserable asshole!
 Shut up fool he knows his shit he drove through a bad neighborhood once he's seen how fucked up life can be you just don't go back to normal after those experiences.
 Yeah fuck honesty!
 I don't want my organs to go to some fucking alcoholic fatty.
 That's what you get for your fucking commie socialist pinko nazi obamacare.
 oh god what a disgusting cow!  I wouldn't fuck her with YOUR dick!
 Oh yeah?  Well you're stupid!
 The law of fuck you I'm a customer I'm your job security.
 It's GRAW. Fucking fabulous.
 WHAT? YOU'RE NOT ATTRACTED TO BLACK WOMEN? YOU RACIST NEGROPHOBIC NECKBEARDED SHITLORD!! TAKE YOUR WHITE CIS PEEN OPPRESSION PRIVILEGE AND GET THE FUCK OUT!!
 * Fucking guy needs his ass beat and locked up somewhere. *  I'm sure *you're* a real tough guy too.
 Yes now I can shoot some police! Fuck the police!
 So you choose to paint us all with the same brush just because you heard a couple off comments in a bar? Fucking Americans.
 Heterosexual:  I want to fuck people of the opposite sex    Homosexual:  I want to fuck people of my own sex   Bisexual:  I want to fuck people of either sex   Pansexual:  I want to fuck *everything*
 You know what you're right. Fat people are fucking disgusting and don't deserve to be compared with skinny people.
 You're right it's fucking terrible when people who are just getting into the hobby and don't have a fuckton of money to drop on the latest and greatest open their mouths. How fucking dare they want to learn and share their enthusiasm. If someone doesn't know everything about guns fuck them.
 'MURICA FUCK YEAH!
 MERIKA!!! Fuck Yeah!!!!!!
 Democracy! Fuck yeah!
 lol u guise im al like a [10] stop bein so butthurt and let me fuck this guys shit up imma take him down.
 Well those are brown people so who the fuck cares
 A long thick hair. Something a balding 24 year old doesn't have. Fuck you.
 haha you guys have to deal with shitty salesmen instead! suckers!
 Yeah now other people can't repost this! Fuck that guy!
 Why don't you stop your man-kissing nigger-loving gun-fearing god-hating pot-smoking healthcare-wanting ways you god damn left wing liberal hippie rainbow fucker.
 Yeah but SkyDrive is M$ so fuck that!!!
 Hey fuck you man I DARE you to name a more exciting ointment!
 Because fuck those damn greedy kikes they should just get over the holocaust.
 No there is not  -- fucker!
 Omg fucking reddit and reposts. ... Stop up voting reposts!!!
 Totally fuck everybody else.
 Yea fuck MLG for letting this happen you should refuse to watch it.
 I hope you die a slow death in peanut butter quicksand you hater!!
 LOL UR A FAG! STFU
 Pffft we all know that Louisville is probably in Kentucky and Kentucky is racist so fuck you.
 That is so fucking kvlt
 you bitch.
 Yeah all they did was beat Nazi Germany. Anybody could do that fucking scum.
 That bastard Casey is so nice. It pisses me off. I made a really nice user pick six with Janoris Jenkins in garbage time against him and that asshole had the nerve to complement my user skills. Bitch don't talk to me like that when you're beating me by three possessions.
 Tell me about it same with movies why the fuck do people watch that shits it's so obviously fake!!!!!!
 Kick their ass and take their gas!!!
 Don't you fucking ever support the amusing showmanship some fighters offer us. You fucking watch the fights with a stone cold emotionless blank face turn off post fight interviews and then go read fighter stats the rest of the night. Fucking immature casuals.
 Yeah cause fuck science right?
 Well I ran a half Plutonium-man! So fuck that shit.
 Oh but if you did you'd HAVE to fuck her because that's really a really real woman and you're a hateful bigot if you don't.
 ah fuck you're right. Thought maybe that was what was causing you trouble. Damn metric system is so confusing we should go back to imperial.
 ya fucking fairy! ... yeah that doesen't sound homophobic to me!
 Fuck other countries! 'Merica!
 No shit.
 Had a heart attack. Fucking hilarious.
 what!!? he is communist catholic?!! how dare he!! what the fuck!? whaat the fuck!? whaaat the fuuuck!?
 its such bullshit i don't get my free rare! total bullshit!
 Yeah fuck it let's just give up now
 *Fucking with time is incest?*
 What a fucking patch-toss this is ridiculous blizzard doesn't even seem to care!
 Oh good finally someone who supports Zimmerman! Trayvon Martin fucking got what he fucking deserved didn't he? I mean the kid was obviously dangerous and seemed a threat to Zimmerman so obviously Zimmerman had every god damn right to shoot the damn kid! See makes perfect sense! Chiddy chiddy bang bang motherfucker! I don't see why more people don't understand our position on the stand your ground policy like we do buddy!
 Creationism is wrong?  You are making me and my grandma cry. You are an asshole.
 The girl fucks the guy in the divorce.
 Yeah. UNICEF - what a fucking joke.
 oh fuck that take my weed and lock up whoever touches it!!
 I told you so guys!! JAVA kicks ass!!
 Every sperm of yours has the potential to be human better get to fucking everything that moves or you're killing them!
 Yeah get onto making those fucking babies jesus you selfish bitch what gives you the right to deprive those poor grandmothers of their grandchildren?
 Fuck yeah! No one does war like America does war!
 Because religion is a cop-out to make people feel better of course! Those crazy fuckers will say just about anything if it gives them that warm fuzzy feeling inside. Fucking dopamine addicts if you ask me.
 I actually bought the bumper sticker motherfucker. I donated to the campaign you didn't help for shit.
 Oh daaaayyyyuuuummmm. Is that a stuffed animal? What the fucking shit fuck man. Can we get an NSFL tag? I won't be able to sleep for days.
 Fuck. I'm not going to give up. Nope. I refuse.  Fuck it I'm going to go play some D3!
 GIVE US YOUR TIRED YOUR POOR YOUR HUDDLED MASSES.  Oh fuck that you're poor?  Stay the fuck out.  We're up to our asses in huddled masses.  IN CASE IT'S NOT OBVIOUS
 What is _wrong_ with you? Fuck Slasher.
 Man this is fucking hilarious.
 Oh yeah. Those awesome balthazar gauntlets blew me the fuck off my seat.
 HOLY FUCK WHAT A POWER PLAY
 TIL: reddit is full of autistic nazi gamers that worship fucking nazi pilots call war casualties k-d ratio and think war was a mother fucking game. And this is our new generation (read complete retards). The future never looked brighter
 Yes every fucking thing is cringe.
 no. it's a low-level job so fuck them.
 *Fuck you... Downvotes*  -Reddit
 yeah sewn his faggot ass back to reddit!
 I said asshole.
 HOLY FUCK! ROMNEY LIED?! STOP THE FUCKING PRESSES THIS NEEDS TO BE KNOWN!!!! THE WORLD REALLY IS ENDING ROMNEY LIED!!!! WHAT WILL WE DO TIME AND SPACE AS WE KNOW IT ARE ABOUT TO CHANGE.....  /capslock
 Balkanically speaking you're lying scum and I'm gonna bomb your village.
 omg im such a nice guy why am i being friend zoned? All i asked if i can have my dick sucked. All girls are bitches  *tips fedora*
 But telling women what their opinions are is alpha as fuck!
 Nah we need to go after the Buddhists those motherfuckers have gotten off way too fucking easy it's GO TIME
 OH DAMN he's being pegged!!! Let's shame him guise! (He's obviously a homosexual duhh)
 What is this another fucking lynchmob?
 No. Fuck you I read half a Wikipedia article on chemistry. I know what the hell I'm talking about here: this is impossible! Don't wast my goddamn tax dollars.
 Fucking vigilantes should be lynched.
 Classiest fucking comment in the god-shitting world right here.  YOLO!
 Nice dude. That'll teach him. Fucking celebrating his little victories 'n shit.
 Why you damn dirty hypocrite! OUT! OUT WITH YOUUUUUU!!!!
 Yeah like gays because fuck them right?
 Yeah whos that asshole posting about the GSL when mother fukin GRANDMASTERS is around.
 Worst comes to worst she's sleeping with another guy. The easy solution to this is go out to a bar and fuck 2 girls. This way you let her see how it feels to be cheated on but you also sleep with 1 extra person to show that not only did she cheat on you but that in order to make it even you need to cheat twice.   This is literally the only way to go every other piece of advice is shit.
 As with GM fuck those second guys.
 If you suck then don't play. Stop ruining other people's experiences.  Also suck a dick.
 If you suck then don't play. Stop ruining other people's experiences.  Also suck a dick.
 WHAT THE FUCK! A PLATE! WOW IM SCARED!
 She gained more mobility at the cost of having a knock up instead of a knock back. What a fucking tragedy
 'Cos Oboma souns liek a fag an his shits all retarded an stuff.
 Fuck you for expressing an honest opinion ***GTA MUST NOT BE CRITICISED.***
 Fuck you for expressing an honest opinion ***GTA MUST NOT BE CRITICISED.***
 Yea those fuckers who can't spend money on a pc with a better loading should all be banned.
 That.was.fucking.AMAZING!!!
 stfu u racist!!!!!!!!!
 Don't you know you aren't allowed to have relationships with people of the opposite sex without wanting to fuck them? Gosh you people are soooo ignorant.
 Fuck Civil Liberties! Free Market!
 Fuck Civil Liberties! Free Market!
 THOSE STARS ARE FUCKING HUGE!
 Ahhhhh! A big fish?  WTF? Why would you show that? That's seriously fucked up! BRB bleaching my eyeballs.
 Yeah fuck. Those assholes are just so annoying... I mean who wants to see someone be happy? Fuck happy nervous people in love!
 You're right he must be stupid.
 OMG WHAT THE FUCK!???
 *Clearly* calling a black president an asshole is racist.
 Fuck you Nelson  all you did was answer the guys question with accurate information.
 Whatever you do definitely pick up smoking. It's manly and makes you look like a fucking cowboy. Worked great for me.
 Wow that's the worst tattoo fuck up in this whole thread.
 LOL AMERICUNTS ARE SO STUPID US EUROPEEANS ARE SO MUCH BETTER!!!!
 Yeah I know. I actually know a lot of shit about the internet. Just not this.  I just hope it's not like the counter - strike community.   I've been playing for 10 fucking years!   Woah. You like deserve a fucking medal or something.
 Yeah I know. I actually know a lot of shit about the internet. Just not this.  I just hope it's not like the counter - strike community.   I've been playing for 10 fucking years!   Woah. You like deserve a fucking medal or something.
 Fuck graphics just give me mirrors. Goldeneye 64 was a shitty game it had no mirrors!
 Fuck graphics just give me mirrors. Goldeneye 64 was a shitty game it had no mirrors!
 Gamers never spend any time on Windows fucking with their drivers.
 Gamers never spend any time on Windows fucking with their drivers.
 Yeah fuck him for having an accent.
 Yeah fuck him for having an accent.
 She's attractive she must be a dumb bitch!
 Yeah!  Fuck people who believe that the government shouldn't be allowed to compel you to make a statement against your will.  They must be batshit crazy!
 This is why baseball is the greatest fucking game on earth.
 Yeah it's a know  fact that everyone who worships something leads miserable lives full of incredible stupidity and that as superior people its our duty to relieve them of their incredible stupidity by telling them what to and not to believe in.  'Cuz as a subreddit who hates when they do it we should do to stop them from doing it lest every single person who follows a religion is a fucking dumbass.  Just look at that fucker Stephen Colbert and his miserable life and incredible stupidity spreading his stupidity to the general public
 fucking sexism  who says males can't be nurses?
 Don't you get it? He's **JUST COMMENTING ON A BUSINESS PRACTICE WHY DON'T ALL YOU DUMB FUCKERS UNDERSTAND THIS??**
 I'm glad that the white guy is who gets the negative connotations. Fuck them crackers.
 Yeah! Goes to show you how much it sucks!
 so you're saying it's not rape to have sex with someone who's blacked out because it happened to you and you didn't mind?  well fuck I guess that throws my whole argument out the window.
 FUCK YEAH!
 Yeah animals getting killed or injured is fucking hilarious!
 the fuck is a dime?
 Get off of* it. Jeez retard.
 well then let's fuckin' do it.
 You're implying that being a mom isn't the toughest job on the planet? What a woman hating mother fucker
 Oh-ho-ho! You said 'nigger'! You must be going to hell!
 Yeah fuck those people whose fashion I dislike! I hope they die. How dare they perpetrate something I find visually unappealing? I hope they get stabbed in the butt by the ass stabber!
 Grow a fucking huge ass beard.  Hell everyone dress as santa clause.  The children will join our fight.
 Yeah. Fuck people who tell customers that they haven't got something in stock when they haven't got it in stock. That's just shitty customer service right there.
 Fucked meaning you have to pay child support? You have 50% custody? That kind of fucked?
 Yeah man fuck you for not knowing everything.
 Yeah fuck the system. ANARCHY!
 You mean I have to take control of my own life? Like a fucking adult? With my own self worth and everything? Pfft fuck that. I'll just keep creeping people out.
 Why aren't you asshole?
 because fuck you i shouldn't have to pay for anything. god damn socialists.
 Fuck you too buddy.  I'm not doubting that *you* want a job but the majority who don't and keep sucking the system dry clearly do not want a job.  If you're afraid of someone having your urine as if something bad is going to happen 1984 style then you're in for a rude awakening:  they  already have a lot more on you.  WAKE UP SHEEPLE!
 Yeah fuck him for not playing games that I like
 Fuck all that it sounds hard. Lets just put armed guards in schools and call it good!
 Girls don't play d&amp;d faggot I'm going to sick the le reddit army on you unless you admit it.
 That Delaney dude is a fuckin' genius
 Yeah stop being such a little bitch about being raped and man the fuck up!
 Holy shit Ron Paul met a black guy
 YOU SELFISH MONSTER! HOW DARE U NOT MAKE THE BABIESSSSSSSSSSS!
 Nah fuck that he's gonna cost to much. Lets waive him.
 You see we labeled ourselves as marginalized so fuck you garbage XYer.
 Welcome to the club for people who will die alone.  It sucks and I hate everything.   Fuck you.
 You managed to fuck up like this 10 times?
 Call an ass an ass just makes everything smell like shit.
 Apple sucks! Nerd high five!
 yeah don't tell that to all the fucking moronic entitled kids in here who think it's perfectly normal to not want to fuck your wife and instead look at porn.   surely that won't damage your relationship at all in the long term
 Yeah change is dumb! Fuck change!!
 OK I was against occupying Syria but now? Fuck it! Let's do it!!!
 Fuck their culture/religion herp derp.
 because religion is bigotry stupid fundie concern troll!
 Eli Manning in the same grouping as Tom Brady? DA FUCK?!
 Technically we're both assholes and I'm ok with that.  Now you're giving me unsolicited negative feedback so by your own criteria you're also an asshole.  Asshole.
 Woooooow.  You've clarified my motives so WELL! Fuck!
 Right what a dumbass for sticking up for herself.
 Yeah all cops are such assholes. And those black people they're all ghetto and poor.
 He's a man. Who gives a fuck right?
 Damn. It sucks that you didn't have the Iron Boots or something.
 Yeah fuck SRS for thinking rape is a serious issue!
 sucks to be a left-hander!!!! sinners.
 But she secretly wants to fuck the little girl!!! After all we all know that most pedophiles are women!!!
 Lollz. Stupid Atheists!!!1 it's all part of his  plan . You just need faith to understand. I'll pray for all of you.
 How did you take those? The Nexus camera is shitty!
 Yeah because that's the first fucking thing that turns me off a book:  needless profanity and shit.
 The one you sat on with your ass that you shit out of? Sick.
 The fuck did you say?
 WHO CARES! OSAMA'S DEAD! AMERICA FUCK YEAH! IF YOU'VE GOT NOTHING TO HIDE YOU'VE GOT NOTHING TO FEAR!
 Let the kid learn his own lessons you controlling jackass.
 No fucking way
 YEAHHHH SKRILLEX HATE YEAH YEAH FUCK SKRILLEX HE RUINED EDM HE SUX
 FunDIES cant be scientists you dumb theist.
 And all you have to do is touch his penis.
 fuckin' hail corporate am a right?
 Fuck.  they make those?
 Because fuck everyone but me when it's not cool to care.
 It is spelled  fucking !
 OMG SRSSUCKS IS PROMOTING VIOLENCE AGAINST WIMMYN AND FEMICIDE! WHAT A BUNCH OF SHITLORDS!
 Cuz all guys when buzzing their head dont use a mirror and say  fuck it  to checking whether shit is straight. Same goes for shaving.
 No no it's totally mean and bitchy of her to act like she has sexual autonomy and can fuck whoever she pleases. I mean how *dare* she not bend the to the whims of her EX and not date anyone he doesn't want her to? She has no right!
 Oh I'll explain it to you.  You sound like *such* a top notch guy because your willing to lower your standards to fuck such *an obviously un-attractive girl*.  She would also do the same lowering her probably very high standards to have sex with such a generous man such as yourself.
 Stupid lazy ass 47%.
 You guys are so good at maths it blew my fucking mind.
 omfg walmart is so fucking evil
 You think it's hard being a black homosexual? Well try being a black homosexual in nazi germany!
 I find it funny you got downvoted.   Way to have your own opinion asshole!
 Yeah god forbid people play Halo just because they enjoy playing Halo. Fucking casual plebs need to learn their shit.
 How dare you suggest that you politically correct fucker! Stop being so politically correct! Everyone knows the vile Chinaman smells and destroys computers with his fiendish computer game playing.
 Those job killing assholes are at it again.
 IT WAS A BIG DEAL TO US ASSHOLE.
 But guyysssss Louis CK said the word faggot isn't offensive to gay guys any more!!! You give the word power by being offended by it!!!!!
 Take more drugs im sure you'll end up less fucked then before
 But but we have such a problem with people killing other people with their .50 Caliber Rifles! I means its a motherfucking epidemic!
 I love how much fucking disdain they hold for this guy simply because he's American. Americans are all arrogant aggressive assholes with superiority complexes amirite?
 He should be sad about how he looks. This is cringe as fuck.
 Yeah I can't stand how everyone at a Canucks game sings our national anthem loud and proud.  It's terrible.   What a dumb fucking idea that is.
 Yeah it is clearly demuslims fault idra sucks
 Fuckin poor ppl amirite?
 Ah man they printed the N7 backwards fucking knockoffs.
 She's being a big baby. Just put it in her ass and she'll like it.
 But but...his teammates suck.
 HOLY FUCK THIS IS SO FUNNY!
 If they're so much better *out of* the freezer why are you instructing OP to put them *in* the freezer? You sick bastard.
 Where the fuck he's been?
 well arnt you just the smartest fucker alive.
 *You sick bastard!*
 But I'm a rockstar!! My band totally played for 36 people last night fuck the world.
 Well fuck you with your relevant anecdotes and absolutely correct posts!  Who do you think you are Accuracy Man?
 YOU RAPIST!!!!!
 The only team I care about is Team reddit.  Fuck Digg! Go Reddit!
 You started on ***CONSOLE?***  Fucking casual peasant trash
 fucking retards.   Yes water borne diseases are so much better for us then chlorine.
 Stone-cold fucken killer right there.
 Fuck. Quick don't let the other services see this! Otherwise they'll be even more upset that they didn't pick the AF.
 Yeah! Fuck small business friendly face-recognizing advertising! Fuck it right off the map!!
 thats fucking hilarious  no
 Hey will you guys knock that shit off down there? You're making my government look like fools.
 Fuck Yeah! This is exporting freedom and democracy. She should always lock in both direction damnit. The stupid bitch should expect some murderous war criminals driving in wrong direction at high speed every time.
 Yeah I'm sure it wasn't just a stupid kid thinking he was being funny by posting a random picture and a mod deciding to ban him for his stupidity.
 trust government judgement?  how dare you?!  we're obviously much more intelligent and trustworthy! we're obviously able to do the jobs they do much better than they can...  fuck the government!!!1!
 BUT YER GONNA SHOOT YER DICK OFF HURR DURRR
 Yeah STUPID babyish cel shading and SHIT storyline.
 You want me to *read* an article before commenting? Fuck that and fuck you!
 Damn you gays taking away my rights as a straight man!!!
 Fuck you man I liked the Island. Ben Affleck didn't even start directing till 2009!
 Yeah fuck OP.  I mean he wasn't really doing anything illegal but if he was the truck totally had the right to cut him off then harass him while driving.
 Yeah how dare those fuckers! The nerve to want to keep their land!!
 Is that the guy who wants to SEE YA IN A KIIIA! Because that guy is clever as fuck
 Yea fuck those guys that are putting their lives on the line to serve your community for years upon years.  They're destroying your community!
 Hi i'm joe now... Before we get down to business and screw each others brains out... Beth... I've had a vasectomy...    Oh....      See it doesn't make fucking sense. I hate people that bring it up casually too. Like it makes them the prime target for all the cock hungry women within earshot. You just don't tell people EVERYTHING about yourself.  That doesn't mean you can go around diddling people behind someones back. You're with someone you either tell them you want to sleep with other people and see if they're okay with it or just find someone else to try and toy with.   He didn't mention his vasectomy so she's free to fuck other guys while putting him at risk if she ever stumbled across a case of herpes. It's fair though. Fucker deserved it. Kept his medical history a secret from her. He deserves that shit.
 SHUT THE FUCK UP MY THOUGHTS ARE PERFECT
 Only non-whites deserve sympathy.  Fuck this crying little girl!  Who cares if her pony got stolen and she is heart-broken.
 SHUT UP PRIVATE SHMUCKATELLI! NO ONE ASKED YOU!
 Everytime he post it fucks up my share price man. Like he should just not be on the forums!
 But I don't know how free I am unless I own a fucking huge pile of guns!!!
 Why are you trying to have a rational debate in politics? That shit doesn't belong in here if you're libertarian or an cap you're a silly person and you're stupid.
 Yeah but he represents a party that couldn't clean up 8 years of shit in 2 years with a party of no halting most of the progress! Fuck him!
 I hate when assholes make ignorant comments like you.
 How about FUCK THA POLICE?
 Yea fuck those inhuman copper snatchers they deserve to die painful deaths for stealing small amounts of metal.
 OMG! Why didn't you do it for all mankind!! Asshole.
 Yes. I am a sick bastard. You are not.
 Damn straight! The bumper sticker I saw yesterday said  Jesus would slap the shit out of you  - this is far less violent than a dinosaur basically DEVOURING Jesus!
 Oh hell no I will not purchase I mean look at this shit they fucking edited the  S  with  stuff  what the FUCK. THEY FUCKING RUINED IT. **FOREVER.**  0/10 would not recommend.
 Prop 13 fuck yeah!
 I'm with you on that I really am.  Buuuut I also am pretty fucking impatient and I want to play my games NOW.  Not wait for them to compile.    Assuming that's what you're talking about and not some Slackware black magic fuckery.
 Cause clearly the pros are right saying he sucks dick thats why they are pros and he isn't.
 Yep absolutely fucked no hope
 Harassing law enforcement!  Fuck yeah!
 NO YOU SHUT UP.
 Can you fix my pants you worthless sack of shit?
 Damn girl why you hate yourself so much?????? Why do you just want to get back in the kitchen I dont geddit???????
 Well that's fucking helpful.
 I'm not obese it's Cushings Syndrome you asshole!
 Yeah fuck the elderly and the crippled cause I got mine Jack!
 You never go ass to mouth. That's how you get infections and shit.
 this cars kill a fuck ton more people per year than guns aka we need to ban high capacity assault cars
 Yeah! And chicks dressing like sluts are begging to get raped.
 Yeah fuck OP amiright?
 HEY BUCKEYES PREPARE TO GET CRACKED!!!1!!1!  HAHA GUYS THEY'RE A NUT GET IT? HOW ORIGINAL IS THAT JOKE? I'M A GODDAMN GENIUS!
 I will hang out of my window to scream at a snowbird for fucking up this states traffic.   Seeing that your a NEfan I am a bit leery of you being a one time snowbird or a football frontrunner.
 Oh yeah. It's a kids show so only kids are allowed to watch it. Yeah dude fuck Avatar The Last Airbender. You must really be a lonely fuck to watch that when you're old.
 The fuck is wrong with datum? I like datum. His blood line is so... *Exotic*.
 Yes because fuck people who care about your life amirite?
 but...but...but they are brown shit-hole people! they are scum and nothing worth!!!
 Whoa man you're 9th grade teacher is a fucking badass for making fun of a high school freshman! I wish I was as cool as him.
 Yeah fuck Westfield! Come live in Carmel where you can get molested by the basketball team!
 Yeah. Fuck that it's time to use it again.
 You're hideous!
 Yeah everyone who thinks that prison rape is not ok is a  white knight  huh? They are also fat ass neck beards hahahaha! Hahaha stupid neckbeards!
 Who the hell do you think you are? Just shut up and leave!
 Yeah fuck him for doing videos for free while Daniel Tosh gets payed.
 idiot
 That's a bullshit argument.
 I'm still pissed that Lou Gehrig retired. What a dick.
 No you knew.  The way to use a beamer is to die horribly about eight times then switch back to the AMP.  The shotgun pistol the NC had was sooo good it had such a crazily fast TTK up close.  So was the sniper rifle pistol the TR had you could sit on a base and plink people to death from ridiculous ranges.  BUT OH MAN THE BEAMER HAD FUCKING ARMOR PIERCING MODE
 Mmm nothing sexier than brittle yellow fingernails and dingy teeth. And that stale cigarette smell is soooo intoxicating. Oh and when you kiss and it's like licking an ashtray? Fuck *that* is hot.
 Yes because  aaaaand fuck China  really highlights how much you care about Chinese people being oppressed by their govt
 You really showed him!  Calling someone an uneducated idiot makes you look like you are very educated and objective.
 Yeah! Fuck those 95000 students and the rest of the faculty. Sounds like a great idea.
 Gee who could have imagined a GOVERNMENT POSITION of fucking SPORTS MINISTER would have EVER been corrupt... I'm so fucking shocked.
 Yes but he's a dick... like a BOSS.
 THANKS just got this item. Wasnt even close to that side of the map yet! FUCKIN SPOILERS!!!!!
 Yeah poor people suck!
 Remember that time you said you were just out with some friends but you we're actually fucking that one guy you had crush on from high school....wasn't that hilarious.
 Holy shit you are a genius.
 Why stop at felony? We should put these fuckers to the death penalty because they are literally Hitler.
 What a dick! You should file a restraining order
 George bush is a nigger.
 You sound like a shitload of fun in bed.
 strawMEN? staw**MEN**??!?!  check yo privilage you cis-scum!
 Breaking Bad knows how to use phones!!! This show sucks!!!!~!!
 Yes fuck these hard working Americans because all of them are obviously people abusing monsters.
 Whoa whoa whoooooaaaaaa... One person makes a minor decision in a relationship **without** begging the other person for their opinion?   ARE YOU FUCKING HIGH?!
 ... No he sucks.
 oh my god WHAT THE FUCK?
 Anything by Lil' Wayne is just pure gold.   Put a dick in they mouth I guess it's fuck what they say.
 Fuck yeah!  Also all you social justice types stop spreading bullshit about how sometimes innocent people are executed.  Yeah it happens.  But most people on death row are guilty so just shut the fuck up.  Unless 51% or more are innocent no one should talk about that possibility.  Also I heard there's this negro down on main street that's been leering at the white women.  Let's go get him!  And I don't want to hear none of that 'but what about a trial' bullshit!
 Shitlord.
 Male  withholding sex  is DV.  Female  withholding sex  is perfectly ok you rapist fuck.
 That guy is an **idiot** not a fundamentalist. Get it right! Downvoted.
 You bastard!
 Yeah fuck him. he shouldnt be wishing people well like that
 Wah wah wah. There is cats waiting to be killed in shelters with who knows what fucked up emotional problems and you get a kitten.
 I call bullshit!
 It's  errbody in *dis bitch* gettin' tipsy . For fuck's sake get it right.
 I got called an asshole and a faggot one time. That was pretty cool.
 Getting real tired of your shit Richard. Stop being a dick and making a new account to tell yourself you're hot.
 Well fuck that's such a shame I was really hoping to land in Barcelona and immediately start demanding a Five Guys burger with my Mexican curse words.
 Yeah fuck everyone else. Make everyone adjust to you don't put any effort in yourself.
 Wow dude why would you ever say that. That's really racist and you're an asshole! Black people don't commit crime! They aren't responsible for anything! You're just ignorant!
 They can just make them OP as fuck like all the recent bruisers!
 DUDE RESTLESS LEGS SYNDROME IS A SERIOUS FUCKING CONDITION I CAN'T EVEN ENJOY MY BEDTIME COFFEE UNLESS I TAKE THIS PILL!
 Yeah. Muslims only tolerate adult men having sex with little girls or even (female) animals. Men fucking men is so... Beastly
 Fuck Yeah! We'll do it LIVE!
 Silly BadLeroy! Men can't get sexually harassed!
 Your recycle bin is full.  You messy filthy person.  Shame.
 Dude your a rapist! Turn yourself in.
 Are you sure? I screamed WHAT THE FUCK when I saw it.
  shit I bet your a virgin    And the guy who blows up when a girl doesn't message him back on a dating site definitely is a sexually experienced and successful person.
 Holy shit you sound like such a deep artistic person. I can't believe YOU aren't famous.
 Yeah who the fuck likes gravity?
 Stupid EPA rules.
 Yeah and let's pollute the air too! Fuck yeah!
 Yeah fuck this guy for asking let's downvote him. How dare he not follow TFS religiously.
 One big fucked up collection of traumatic childhoods!  If only Hitler had a therapist.... or went on Dr. Phil
 Your argument makes no sense.  One hand you lambast the pitchers in the NL for wearing jackets.  But the pitchers in the AL don't even pick up a bat or get on the basepaths.   Faggot ass NL  indeed.
 I don't mean to sound like a dick... But that's because you are white and your father and brothers are all cops.
 The US is fully of *greedy* fucks dude didn't you get the memo?
 Guys only think with their dicks duh. If a girl doesn't have some crazy trump card a guy will naturally drift away and fuck the next girl he meets. A guy could never become emotionally committed to a girl
 I'm not asking because I don't watch I'm asking because OP is vague as fuck. I'm so sorry I am not on your cool level dude.  Take heart you have successfully embarrassed me.
 Fuck. Democracy is ruined! THE TERRORISTS HAVE WON!!!
 You fagger nig!
 Hi have you never heard of the Red Scare?  Also we shouldn't give a shit what other countries do but we're America god dammit and we're fucking number 1~
 You think it's funny because you're a damn dirty misogynist.
 Yeah fuck those Europeans. America has the best economy healthcare and unbiased media in the fucking world
 OMG what a Racist thing to say! Wait till I tell Tumblr and SRS what you just said CIS Scumbag piece of shit!
 Yeah well I eat the fuck out of carrots and.I have to wear contacts  Fuck carrots
 How can you you heartless beast?!?!?!11?!?!!?!!111!?  HE DID NOT SLEEP ALL NIGHT AFTER THE BLASTS DAMMIT!!!!!!!
 Should have lined up the white drunk bitches and let him have his pick
 ...  He's a witch! Burn him!
 Oh my god you said nigger and said they looked like monkeys! YOU'RE SO GOIN TO HELL!
 Fuck you I live in America we don't need no rape juice to make this shit pleasurable!
 You disgust me!
 As an American what the fuck is a gram?
 We is not stupid asswhole.
 What's the point of not giving a fuck if you can't tell people?
 Being gay makes you a scumbag. Duh.
 Fuck parents they're the reason we have to keep paying to educate kids!
 We've got enough darkies that run like fuck at the sound of a gun
 He did something to an Arsenal player? What a classless piece of shit!
 The solution to the problem of gun violence is more guns! Let's all fuck for chastity!
 Apples suck!!!
 SRSSucks doesnt brigade!!! what are you? CRAZY? Theyre so much better than all the feminazis
 Oh come on just because they put countries like Saudi Arabia in charge of their human rights wing doesn't mean they're completely fucking useless.
 What? Dresses? HOLY SHIT HOW DARE YOU!? Next thing you know she'll be wanting to use a vacuum and cook dinner! 0_0 !
 So basically you spent your twenties fucking loser/thug dick and now you have almost reached your expiry date you want some rich man to take care of you?  I'll pass but thanks for the offer. It was really hard to resist
 Bullshit all the best clans recruit from public games!
 Because penises are at the mercy of pussy and everything men do/have done is because women won't fuck them .
 I have sympathy for this girl. This is utter bullshit. Who *cares* about taking a picture in a classroom setting that you're paying to be in??   We should call their office a bajillion times and tell them how stupid we think this is!
 Yo bro don't bring your rationality into chrisradcliffe and my *legal* business relationship. Go away you sensationalist conspiracy hippie!!!
 Yea those white areas are so boring!  No minority riots no Jihadist recruiters no honor killings no Pakistanis running sex rings pimping out British girls no Muslim patrols. They're so lacking in  buzz  and depth !  Soooo boring!
 Yup no homosexual has ever been discriminated against after others were wrong to assume them to be straight. All gay people are either glitter farting  valley girl  wannabes or super-butch leather clad lesbians.
 Well Jehovah's Witnesses were also targeted by Nazis so if you don't allow me to refuse a blood transfusion for my child you are literally Hitler!
 Rude atheists go to hell people who vote against homosexual rights go to heaven. Therefore being a rude atheist is worse than voting against homosexual rights.
 ARE YOU KIDDING?? HE THROWS GUM ON THE BASEBALL FIELD!! HE'S OBVIOUSLY A TERRIBLE HUSBAND FATHER AND SON.
 Clearly you're a prude
 You're a man it will be forever your fault
 But dick cream IS science. And 3 more inches opens up a whole new universe. Screw the secrets of this one!!
 I too find harassing people fun and thrilling!
 You fucking racist.
 fuck you goddamned sheep
 Fuck the police!
 You can't understand my ebonics? Fuck you racist cracka ass!
 Well Fuck you Canada. No body Asked You!!! Fucking Canadians always doing the right thing and shit.
 Fuck that I'd rather get the oculus and be IN the motherfucking game Fuck TV or the gamepad and fuck yo couch nigga!
 If you park like this fuck you!
 Fucking hipsters.
 Fuck you. Seriously just fuck you you worthless piece of shit.
 You fucking OCD bipolar piece of shit.
 Fuck you.
 Fucking Hippies.
 Talk shit - get hit.  Fucking racists.
 What are you a fucking racist!?  Fear mongering piece of xenophobic shit!
 NO.  FUCKING.  SHIT.
 Fuck you
 I am going to murder you and your entire family. You fucking douchebag piece of shit.
 I hate you. I now have his stupid fucking songs stuck in my head. Getting the drill out as we speak.
 Fucking fuck fuck
 Yeah your fucking language offends me.  Fuck that shit.
 Well fuck you you fucking fuck.
 Yeah fuck those religious people. They're so hateful. Fucking retards.
 Fuck you you damn commie! I can have as many kids as I want! MURICA!
 OMG NANIWA SUCKS FUCKING CHEESER!
 Yea fuck Thomas Jefferson. What an idiot.
 FUCK ISREAL!
 Yeah fuck you EA. We only like it when steam fuck thing up.
 Fuck off cunt we're full.
 Fuck you that's not true at all you communist pig!
 Yes but fuck you.  We're the US mother fucking A beeatch.  We can do what we want cuz we have the biggest guns so stfu.
 Fuckin' scratcher
 Yeah fuck you.
 LOL you got trolled hard faggot I fucked your mom!
 Yeah get a better job!  Jesus Fuck you lazy ass.
 Fuck your opinion this is reddit.
 FUCK YOU FACIST MODS
 Yeah. Fuck you!
 Fucking soshalists!
 You're fucking *disgusting*
 I'm going to fucking kill you.
 Fuck you I'm short and I'll kick your ass all over this gym!
 Well fuck you too!
 And your health service - go fuck yourself.
 Filthy fucking liberal!
 You killed your cat!? Sick fuck!
 Fuck you I deserve to watch this shit for free.
 No fuck you. If you show emotions as a public figure you need to grow the fuck up.
 fucking gays who can't take a joke
 I'm just going to kill the motherfucker!!!!!! ......... and fuck carrots.....
 yeah your reputation is fucked.... i mean shit i bet he was never your age never jerked off.... man youre just so fucked
 goddamn fucking casuals
 So fuck you companies! Pay up!
 Just because I'm black you assume I'm on drugs? Fuck you racist shitlord!
 Where's all the minorities you RACIST.  Oh I get it. When you say  original  you mean WHITE people huh? You piece of shit.  You prejudice asshole.  Fuck you.
 Ew gross look at that big fucking giant ass!
 Fucking hate him
 How DARE she post lyrics from a song she likes? Fucking bitch.
 you're a fucking badass dude!
 No they aren't shut the fuck you imbecile.
 you sexist fuck how dare you
 HEY MAN FUCK YOU.
 STFU bitch  (by bitch I didn't literally mean you but clearly there are many bitches around somewhere that need to shut the fuck up.)
 Fuckin Resposts
 I'm perfectly fucking calm you moronic waste of human flesh. Jesus Christ! Don't fucking tell me to calm down asshole!!!!!!!
 I will cut your testicles off and feed them to you while fucking your mum.
 Transparency? Fuck that that's stupid.
 Yeah!!! Screw every mom and pop store. You go fucking liberals.
 Because fuck you that's why.
 Nah you are just a fucking nazi socialist.
 yeah but they're all fucking pigs
 Shut up you stupid lib!
 As a bi sexual. FUCK YEA YO ARE! SCUM!
 Because he's a *real* Dr Who fan and you're just a fucking poser.
 Hey buddy howabout you go fuck yourself?
 Yeah having to open the video in another tab is fucking bullshit.
 Fuck Einstein that bomb making bastard.
 Who let this dumb fuck speak?
 Aw yeah mother fuckin slut shaming.
 Fuck you! Benned!!!!!!!!!!!
 Oh you don't like the word race huh? Is that because your a fucking racist? I bet you liked 9/11 you dumb fuck. #RealMissAmerica
 yeah stupid faggots
 WTF?  Get then F out of here you crazy fuck!
 Mods are Moditards! Fucking Modiraters!
 Yeah fuck you. Obviously you weren't good enough. All your fault. Dick
 Yes fuck the poor
 Yeah fuck America!
 holy fucking shit this man needs some Jesus
 yeah! fuck them!
 Fuck you for liking kraft singles.
 Because fuck you that's why.
 What a narcissistic fuck
 Fuck off we're full.
 Seriously why can't you fucking stoners just enjoy coke and liquor like the rest of us?  Fucking losers.
 Fuck you you terrorist.  How dare you question the LAW?!
 Fucking poetry
 A guy fucked a monkey. Or the CIA created it to destroy the blacks and the homos.
 But he is a fucking Jew. Come on.
 Such a fucking original comment.
 YOU FUCKING TREAT THEM AS IF THEY ARE FUCKING LOADED NOT THEY ARE ALWAYS LOADED JESUS FUCKING CHRIST HOW MENTALLY RETARDED ARE YOU????
 you are. this guy really sucks.
 YOU FUCKING MONSTER WHY DONT WE CUT OFF YOUR FUCKING FINGERS AND SEE HOW YOU LIKE IT!@!!@!@
 Well if those fuckers don't want to tow the party line they can fuck off.
 Asshole.
 you are just a dumb fundie spreading LIES and ruining people's lifes... why don't you go back to school and get a PhD before you spout off your bullshit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 You're fucking insane.
 Beta as fuck.
 Fucking airplanes and their slow ass Internet. What a rip off.
 It shows much of an asshole he is? Really? Because when a random person you don't know decides to throw shit at you IN NO WAY you're going say something back to put that person in his/her place?  You fucking moron. Watch what you say. It might show how much of an asshole you are.
 we'll run you over fucker.
 Fuck that bitch she just wants to abuse our free health care
 OP is a faggot.
 ya fuck him for helping his sister
 Yeah. Fuck that.
 Op is a faggot.
 I don't have an enormous penis. Dammit. Now more fucks are given.
 I voted for the other guy.  Can I have my fucking money now?   I'm under 25 and not a FUCKING IDIOT like my GRANDPARENTS and PARENTS and the FUCKING CEOs and FIREFIGHTERS and JEWS and RUPERT MURDOCH.  WHY THE FUCK SHOULD I PAY TAXES!!!!!!ELEVEN
 I think you scumbags are forgetting these guys are FUCKING HERO'S!
 Seriously you're being such an asshole. Stop it!
 Yeah!!! Fuck holding people accountable and fuck the nuremberg trials.  Yeah!!!
 Why is this in r/funny?? Beause FUCK this guy and his dumbass religions!!
 Fuck that! I shouldn't have to translate fuckin nothin!
 Fucking Puppey keeping back the team!
 Yeah fuck history.
 OH JUST ASSUME EVERYONE KNEW THIS ASSHOLE. FUCKING POT HEADS ON THEIR HIGH HORSES.
 Yeah but this guy has a fucking y chromosome.
 yeah those fucking smug pussy vegetarians.
 He's gay but he's not a fairy! Let him discriminate at more extreme cases of gayness! Fuck those fags!
 Don't worry the Irish are trying to pass the buck but you can't change history! Fuckin' Micks!
 Fuckin' hilarious.
 HOW THE FUCK DON'T YOU LIKE THE BEATLES? ARE YOU AUTISTIC OR SOMETHING.
 Fucking cops just running everyone's day
 Fucking autocorrect.
 *She's not an Atheist? What a stupid bitch cunt I hope she dies.*
 Yeah fuck that guy he deserved it.
 You mean you can get punished for jeopardizing assets even in government jobs? Well noooooo fucking shit dumbass. Thanks for that paragraph of insightful nonsense.
 damn dude you are so fucking progressive!
  Fuck Oracle   You're gonna go real far kid...
 Oh damn nigga you got me goooood
 fucking statist. unsubscribing.
 Fuck all of you. Obliviously Management should get to keep all of the money!
 Yes how dare someone use statistical analysis! What a fucking idiot.
 Fucking Aussies and their easily fooled upside-down-eyes!
 Yeah! Fuck charity! Douchebags 4evr!!
 SHUT UP FAGGIT!!!111
 As I hate Community I offend all of fucking Reddit.
 Fuck you I listen to Metallica they are the only real metal band
 Yeah but he has a different opinion than me so fuck that guy.
 How the fuck do they know it's name is Ardi? Damn scientists must be making shit up.
 Fuck yeah it does.  What are you gay?
 Have a problem with a girlfriend that is willing to talk about it fuck that dump her she's a bitch.
 Hah! What a faggot.
 America ! Fuck Yeah!
 Were you sucking his dick at the time?
 No. Fucking. No. Did you not listen to him.  He knows you better then you.
 Let's fucking milk this shit before it gets old guys.
 THIS ENTIRE THREAD IS TRIGGERING YOU FUCKING SPECIESISTS
 You *fucking* **hypocrite**!
 Fuck *that* guy.
 Yes a hanging out with a guy friend of yours is gayer than sucking his cock.
 yea slaughter those civilians FUCK YEA!!
 America! Fuck yeah!
 **WOW THAT'S FUCKING INCREDIBLE HOLY SHIT**
 Yeah fuck skinny people!
 Har fucking har.
 Fuck you Hindutva-wadi!
 1. Dont get married   2. Avoid friendships. Your friends all fucking hate you anyway  3. Accept that you are going to die alone you piece of shit.
 Lol! Stupid monks. They're so stupid.
 You set up your own joke! Asshole.
 Natalie Halloway is back fuck everything else.
 Fuck you for asking people to back up their opinions with credible information.
 Because you know fuck servicemen
 Fucking an internet is of course just as horrendous of an act as fucking over a nation and the world.  Duh.
 HOLY FUCKING SHIT HE TOUCHED HER IN A NON-SEXUAL WAY TO GET HER ATTENTION AND ASKED FOR CONTACT INFORMATION!!!!1111  COMPUTER SCIENTIST AUTISTIC SAWCSM RAPIST RAPIST RAPIST RAPIST RAPIST RAPIST RAPIST RAPIST !!!!1111
 bullshit.
 Fucking planes need to start using their damn brakes.
 Wait are you mentioning generational poverty...You Fucking Racist!
 FUCK YOU SEATTLE. I HATE EVERYTHING ABOUT YOUR CITY THAT HAPPENS TO BE THE NATURAL RIVAL OF MINE.
 Way to go fucking up your customers xmas. I cant see this backfiring on them at all .
 Hah! Serves him right it's more like 7 - 8 degrees. Fucking idiot.
 Yeah fuck jokes!
 Don't you dare say anything against Israel you fucking anti-semite
 POLICE!! PUT YOU FUCKING HANDS UP!!
 India is so fucked up...
 WHERE'S MY FUCKING MONEY?!
 Fuck yes.
 Wow you're fucking hilarious.
 YOU'RE RELIGIOUS? HA FAGGOT.
 Stupid sexy kids
 Anybody who sleeps with anybody is a whore! No sex until marriage! If you get pregnant it's your own damn fault keep your whore-baby you man/woman whore! Oh and condoms are illegal so fuck you all!
 Yeah fuck people for going faster than me.
 Damn secret government and their chemtrails fucking with everyone again.
 *fucking patriarchy...*
 Wow you are so brave for your patriotism! Without you I might never have known that shits kinda fucked!
 You mean to say... you ***enjoyed*** the game? What the fuck is wrong with you? Idiots like you ruin the game for everyone!
 Yeah fuck black people right?
 oh shit thats crazy 10 whole players in a queue. NO FUCKING WAY.
  My dick is big please fuck me.
 Why is it that ALL Australians make huge generalizations about people? Fucking dicks.
 He's doing his job. Fuck him!
 CJP: APPLES ARE GREEN YOU FUCKING IDIOT!
 you better go kick this dudes ass.
 Stupid Hoe
 AMERICA! FUCK YEA!
 Yea! Build your own because if you don't have the time to spend to make your own you're a fucking loser.
 Yeah douche get you facts straight. Psshh. What a loser amirite? Huehuehue. Brb gotta go slay bitches no'm sayin'!?!
 Exactly. Feminism has tried to let women be free to do and fuck whatever and whoever they find attractive but when it comes to men we're just supposed to suck it up and be OK with the fact that a woman has gagged on hundreds of dicks.   Remember though that doesn't matter. What matters is that she wants kids and family now that she spent her twenties fucking dozens of men and now her pussy's a fucking canyon.
 You just suck newfag lelelelele
 Fuck yeah! And who's excited for Dexter?!? Harrison's treadmill fall last week was a fucking gamechanger!
 GTFO YOU CONSERVATARD NAZI SCUM!!!11!!!
 Yeah you're right bro you got me.  I started this whole fucking thread because I want dumbass karma points and not that I want to defend the 2nd amendment.    **He's figured me out guys!  Pack up your shit it was fun while it lasted!**
 'Mericuh fuck yeah!
 Yeah fuck their culture.
 Anarchism. Fuck yeah!
 Ronaldo sucks at FKs
 Where the fuck does OP say anything about being smarter than theists?  All he did was show what problems religions cause.   You're pretty smart yourself though Faggot.
 OMFG!  How the HELL did you get that wrong?  It's Spider ***2*** Y banana.  What the fuck is wrong with you!?!
 fuck carl cox bro lets go c pretty lights and feed me!
 Wow you wouldn't even set it up for him? God damn you are such an asshole OP
 Fuck that. He is a high powered athlete. Obviously he just did it and paid everyone off. Fuck athletes. They are useless anyway. We should pay scientists like athletes!
 They fucked that one up by making it a shoot em up.
  I hate those fucking slave drivers    I hate those fucking niggers   Yes clearly all hate is equally terrible and should be treated as such.  People who violate the rights of others should be given a thumbs up and a pat on the back.
 Because torrenting games helps the industry you fucking idiot.
 Yeah because when you do heroin it makes you horny as fuck.
 Yeah man. Jesus H fucking Christ.
 This won't work? Fuck your rules
 This is so fucking motivating.  I'm motivated so fucking hard right now.  This entire argument is totally motivating.  I can't believe how motivational you fucking people are.
 Yeah fuck the academy as I stand here holding a trophy given to me by them instead of not going at all to the damn things.  Yeah fuck em all right.
 You suck Snyder!
 Yah fuck it lets just ban that shit... Let the bitch down with the ship after a botched back alley abortion involving bleach and a coat hanger.
 Yeah man. Fuck sportsmanship.
 I feel like you just sexually harassed me by not calling me a dick or prick.
 Jesus Christ you guys sound like fucking conspiracy theorists.  Get over yourselves and fucking vote for the lesser of two evils.  And yah you're totally right every politician that has ever lived is a complete scumbag and they are all exactly the same.
 Wow yeah that girl didn't immediately want to fuck me or put up with my unwanted sexual advances?? What a total bitch! The only women who wouldn't want to sleep with me are total bitches or lesbians!
 Damn you hafta keep it? That sucks!
 That's awesome fucking evidence! I bet you kill at debates.
 You saw a black man being loud.  I saw Best Buy being a piece of shit.  Of course I fucking hate Best Buy... so what does that say about how you feel about black people hmmm?
 inflation.  Fuckin Obama
 There's some fucked up glamour fetish where chicks like to step on puppies and kittens in stilettos. Yeah that shit always gets my crank going.
 This had better be fucking true otherwise I will hunt you while you sleep!
 Yeah fuck you guys for having an opinion on how to improve the show!
 Oh shit I didn't read that comment you posted earlier that listed those movies that were less than stellar. You're right fuck that Affleck guy...
 My opinion on truths: WHO THE FUCK CARES? LET'S LIVE UNDER A ROCK FUCK YEEEE.
 WAY TOO FUCKING SLOW HE DESERVED TO GET HIS BALLS SQUISHED.  BLACK PEOPLE WHEN WILL THEY LEARN HOW TO RUN FASTER THAN WHITE PEOPLE.
 So fucking hilarious.
 but that kid was such a dick.  And you should lose all your civil rights if you're a jerk to a police officer!
 Oh yeah?  I'm a dick head?  Well you're a dickhead. Dickhead.
 You shut your dirty mouth!!!
 I agree with them fuck you for being born.
 That's some fucking prejudiced shit right there.
 Shut up HotPie no one likes you.
 Yah Just for a change of pace you should try sucking some dick and taking it up the ass.
 Yeah fuck poor people dude jobless homeless smelly poor people getting all these benefits and shit.    They should all have jobs and live at home with their parents.
 God damn it England.  Learn how to spell your own fuckin language.  Geez.
 Holy Shit! That is a huge penis!
 It's funny because Microsoft sucks!
 Fuck you.  It's almost 11am and I'm drunk.  This just means you're wrong.
 oh no! xbox has a feature playstation doesn't? fuck you guy!
 And Bush needed to fuck us over like this.
 I disagree with this pro-LeBron shit! fuck you sirs and downvotes to both!
 Let us pray  Dear Ron our Lord and Savior  Kick the fucking shit out of these neocon bastards   Amen
 Wtf would you know about your body and how you feel?  Fucking layperson...
 I know texting while driving is dangerous (the way other people do it cuz i do it safely unlike everyone else) but what op did is SUCH A DICK MOVE I mean OMG what a fucking asshole!
 Nah it's a movie stupid!!!
 Bullshit!
 Yeah fuck every DJ ever.
 Yeah man! Fuck Pryor and Carlin!
 But he's such a pussy!
 I for one am shocked that Piers Morgan is a lying piece of shit
 Fuck Reddit  hipsters can't be hipsters anymore.
 GOD ISN'T REAL U STUPID FUNDIE!!!
 Hey let's give them another fucking bailout.
 Fucking genius.
 Yeah - fuck the middle class!
 Personal responsibility motherfucker.
 Yeah! Wait til you can fuck up their families! They did nothing wrong but fuck that they are related to someone they probably don't know is a rapist!
 Fucking *wonderful* idea.
 Man fuck racism. And the Japanese.
 Yeah fuck this shit. Wher's my JRPGs.
 I mean fuck the cops right guise
 IN CASE YOU FORGOT THIS MOTHERFUCKER KILLED A KID UNPROVOKED! HE IS THE BIGGEST PIECE OF SHIT COP EVER. COPS ARE WORSE THAN CRIMINAL! RAAAGGGEEE.
  he ? You fucking sexist
 What the fuck? He was never a threat to her and she called the police because she saw his car in a parking lot!  She is fucking insane and is abusing the system to make him miserable because her feelings are hurt.  OP Let's kill her.
 SURPRISE! There's a bunch of stupid fuckers!   Who would have thought.
 OMG HE'S SOOO SELFISH!!!  WHY DOESNT HE SPEND THAT ON THE TROOPS!  OOHHH OHHH!!! COME HERE MR. KING PRESIDENT!  SIT ON THIS SILK PILLOW!  WHY THE FUCK NOT?!?!  DOES PRINCESS NEED A SECURITY DETAIL?!?!  WHAT A FAGOT?!?!?!
 Also if your car is upside down you can wiggle it back onto its wheels! Bullshit! It should just explode and kill you!
 What the fuck is a sears? If I knew I would say FUCK SEARS
 Yeah... but fuck CGI!
 lol go kill yourself.
 Wonderbook. Oh My Fucking God. So pumped
 Yeah fuck people who save money!
 Because he's a Halo jumping faggot.
 Yeah Me and you we watch The Jersey Shore like manly men should.Fuck these shows for little kids.
 How dare you conservatives Hillary is a fucking saint!
 BUT PLANETSIDE 1 HAD IT!!!  PLANETSIDE 2 IS INFERIOR!  FUCK SOE!
 So you mean I can't make fun of those IGNORANT FUCKING BIBLE READERS?
 I fucking hate it so much when I get in a cab and they take for rides. Pricks.
 They might be evolved as fuck but them niggas don't have nukes doe
 A priest accused of fucking kids? Why I am almost too shocked for words!
 'Murrica. Fuck yea!
 Meh! You can't add money in Credit Card. STUPID
 Hahahahaha. I shudder every now and then due to the gunge. Fuck you BBC. Fuck you. I try to live a normal life but the gunge changed me.
 cmon doesn't everyone at one time or another want to ask some redditor  how much cock do you suck? you fucking faggot ?
 Doesn't matter. Fuck customers. It's CHEAPER and we are CAPiTALisTS MArKET STOCKHOLDERS BLAH BLAH BLAH.
 FUCK! You just went and got Toy Story banned from every school in America.  Nice work dick!
 FASCIST PIECE OF SHIT!
 That way we can have more fatal crashes from idiots and stick it to those pig g men!
 Fuck South Haven and your delicious artisan olive oil store!
 so now you're bragging about having a girlfriend who games. asshole.
 Yeah I'll learn to look past it once that fucker stops feeding bot lane and WHERE THE FUCK IS MY JUNGLER!?
 Within 60 seconds...   Answer immediately or Fuck You!!
 But we do like close up HD pictures of your gaping asshole.
 You should start lifting. Tiny ass fucking man.
 Yeah damn Steam and them giving us something for nothing! It's not like you can use the cards for anything like selling them or getting badges! Fucking Steam.
 FUCKING CASUAL SUBSCRIBERS EH?
 the guy probably got his face mangled...funny as shit.
 Yeah it sucks when you can't censor the stupid people.
 You poor stupid little bastards deserve to go hungry!
 Protein and fat? Nah fuck those! give me those tasty carbs!
 Wont work them fuckin' Alaskans are gunna fuck things up I just know it.
 Yes because our healthcare system in Canada is a fucking mess.
 Oh my god this guy is dressed as yugi from yugioh how could you not know that... Fucking pleb
 To be fair It's really fucking annoyng when you're trying to get to work on time and all the gay parades are causng a huge fucking traffic jam.
 Bullshit. You don't know a girl!
 Doing what you're told what a fucking virtue THAT is.
 You kick his ass for breaking your bed.
 It's not my job to educate you shitlord!!!
 Sheep man.  Get a good flock and you'll eat and fuck like a king.
 HOLY FUCK GUYS CHECK OUT THIS SWASTIKA I ALWAYS KNEW RUDYARD KIPLING WAS A NAZI
 Holy shit you mean they don't fight fires 24/7?  They sit around waiting for calls?  FUCK THEM!
 ##You. . . You. . .  motherfucker
 how about next time you FUCKING DO IT RIGHT
 DO YOU THINK THIS IS A MOTHERFUCKING GAME?  THIS GUY HAS CANNABIS GROWING IN A BUCKET OF TRASH PROPER WEED GROWING PROTOCOL MUST BE MAINTAINED.
 trying?  we are!!!  amurekia!  fuck ya
 Well fuck that I hate you for being nice and liking multiples teams!
 You're right the people at your local store gave you a bad experience the whole company must really suck ass.
 Bro you made a human mistake kill yourself.
 But how do I make you feel sexy if I can't talk about your boobs?   Clearly bitches be crazy.
 Better off ignoring all the NSA stuff right? It's SO fucking annoying.
 I know right? Waving signs around and occupying parks is totally violent. Fuck those violent hippie douchebags.
 Yep if you ain't got a gun you're fucked. Ain't no other ways to defend yourself out there!
 Shut up nerd get back in line
 It's much more fun to bitch!
 Fuck Valve why won't Dota 2 run on my calculator!??!?!? Lost business never again etc.
 No! Reddit is full of fucking geniuses and if the Higgs Boson doesn't interest you then you should just go back to your Kardashians.
 Fuck it I'm out.  Great AMA.
 Haha you don't even know who I am.   Let me tell you... I fucking hate everyone.
 DAVID STERN SUCKS LECHOKE'S BALLS LOLOLOLOLOL
 Yeah fuck people who can afford thing.
 yeah because Joe doesn't give a fuck about what his audience wants.
 Yeah my pecs are always pumped as fuck after deads.
 Yeah look at the super conservative spin they put on this video of a FUCKING FIRE.
 FUCK!!! SPOILER ALERT DUDE WHY MUST YOU RUIN THE MOVIE FOR US ALREADY.
 Oh noes! You only got 82 bucks instead of your 100 for a 70 dollar box with 1 card! Sucks you couldn't make your money back or anything.
 leaving without a gg :(  That is so fucking awful.
 Yeah I was too. For a fucking chink she's a pretty good shot.
 Do you drive there? If so fuck you for doing the most dangerous thing alive and wasting my tax dollars!
 Fuck yeah!
 Yeah fuck people who have fun being competitive right?
 Ya what kind of fucking character actually goes to a psychiatrist???
 Lousy dopeheads...  GET A GODDAMN JOB YOU DIRTY POT SMOKING HIPPIES
 Yeah bastard doctors always keeping people from dying of cancer. They make me fucking sick.
 But they made BF3 and FUCK COD METRO IS NOTHING LIKE IT YOU GUYS ONLY HATE EA CAUSR OTS A CIRCLEJERK.
 BUT ALL COPS ARE SCUM!!!!!!1
 OMG ikr? hes totally bragging about his above average stats! FUCK OP!
 What you mean Jews who want to have a homeland to finally feel safe against people like you who think they shouldn't? Yeah fuck those guys.
 what? fuck that. throw em in jail! GOD WILL NOT STAND FOR THIS!!!!
 Fuckin christ! I had to google to make sure.   But why! He already had a hot wife!
 Yeah and fuck those guys who wear gear supporting their team  keep you fucking opinion to yourself. Just like all those assholes who had to open their big mouths about slavery. If they would've just kept their mouths shut and went along with popular opinion at the time the world would be a better whiter place!
 No no no!  I'm the DJ and I play waht **I** like and not your shitty pop music that other people like!  Aphex Twin on VINYL for fIVE FUCING HOURS LESGOO
 what a dick giving him false hope lol
 No you can't.  And if you think you can you're an idiot!!
 Uh excuse you wonder *GIRL*. Check your privilege asshole.
 Dont be so shy just call him a retarded dumbfuck because that's what this sub is all about.
 Because all us MG fans are going to downvote him into oblivion. Yeah! Fuck MGO!  ...
 why do white people say stupid shit like this?
 That's so fucking funny
 needed some gagging drool laden deep throat face fucking to really make it good.
 That fucking link.  Thanks OP.
 OMG! A big truck towing another big truck! Fuck I sure am glad I don't live in that hell hole you people call Canada!
 Stir Fry and red wine? You fucking poofta. What is wrong with steak and a slab of VB? Go back to where you came from.
 But a lock is like a vagina and a key is like a dick get it?!?!
 hows this:  Drill Sargent:    Friday prayers? are you some kind of america hating mooslem? get off my deck and out of these barracks and run your sorry ass over to the PX and get you a copy of the Holy Bible so you can learn to love and honor our lord Jesus H Christ his mother Mary and Chesty Fuckin' Puller instead of some child molesting suicide bombing sum-bitch like moo-ham-ed.
 What the Fuck are newspapers?
 Leave it to women.  Always fucking it up for the whole species.
 Who said I liked those faggots. such faggots lol. how can they be such faggots xD.  Anyone who listens to their band is such a emo faggot lol. And cannot possibly listen to any other music.Only them and they have to look like emo faggots aswell. Fucking faggots.   I would go more in depth of their faggotory but I have to be FUCKING BROOTAL AND HXC dance and listen to some emmure and ghost inside.
 you guys are literally hitler fundies. mac users are le scum
 If you don't love it leave it. Winnipeg! Fuck Yeah!
 haha lets downvote this fucker because he doesnt know what a word means
 Holy shit this is so WTF!!
 Yeah.  Fuck this guy for being a human being and wanting to reproduce!  What a disgusting pervert!  It's like if you're not 100% genetically pristine just get sterilized already!  THE NERVE of this guy right?  I mean HE'S certainly not worth anything because he's a little person so why would he think his kids would be worth a damn as little people!  WHAT A SELFISH PRICK!
 He'd be better off protoss. Such an easy fucking race
 The simple fact that you used the word  score  in your title suggests that you're a fucking male pig chauvinist that has no interest in showing proper appreciation to the superior sex.
 so more Fast 'n' Furious.....  fucking great.
 because it sucks the l96a1 is way better then the WA2000 lol are u serious? fuckin noob
 Wow fucking great article.
 Oh thank fuck let me call off the pitchfork mob real quick.
 But no removable battery! And no SD card! Plus it can't suck your dick! Sorry but this is just another piece of garbage from Google!
 This guy must be a pedophile!!! Watch your kids!
 Well that was a profound fucking statement.
 Because Superman is a badass and fights giant spiders and polar bears and shit!
 Yeah testicular cancer is fucking hilarious.
 in before IT guy says  fuck off.
 And bloopers aren't bloopers they're squids. Why does Nintendo insist upon calling them bloopers? What idiots! On that note koopas are just turtles. Fucking game developers ignoring nature.
 So she's choosing to fuck women so that she can be a more complete feminist? Yea that'll never catch up to her
 Nigga I pull out.
 Yep us meat-eaters are fucking terrible people for sure.
 THAT WAS OUT OF FUCKING CONTROL MAN
 We haz teh power over yous all. suck it cunt
 Moral of the video - Boys are stupid and girls rule!
 Because being called a faggot for believing something isn't just as hurtful as being called a faggot for being gay.
 Yea dude fuck pranks right? No fun whatsoever.
 let's get this fucker who took the kitty's leg then post it online  internet lynch mob assemble!!!
  FUN  in video games?? Fucking casual.
 Assert your male dominance show that cunt who's boss damnit!!
 The guy trusts in a gun community to answer a gun related question?  Crucify the motherfucker!
 Fuck you NDP HACK WALLOWING IN THE WARM URINE OF CONSERVATIVE TALKING POINTS DID YOU KNOW THE LIBERALS ARE GOING TO LEGALIZE POT I KNOW WHO I'M VOTING FOR YOU LIBTARD.
 Fuck you man I'm passing an amendment saying  water is dry
 Oh no! A dude that slept on couches a year ago signed a sheet with even more money to it! What an asshole that guy!
 It has a gear on it so stupid!
 YEAH WHAT AN ASSHOLE CHARLIE SHEEN IS!!
 Your kd just sucked!
 Because playing Call of Dooty and Battlefield make you a fucking dirty small minded little peasant that's why.
 you guys are all stupid. everyone KNOWS the sun is actually Ra's magic canoe that he paddles across the sky each day AND he drags the moon BACK across the sky at night.   Fuckin Ra is WAY more productive than those pig Olympian gods he does 2 jobs EVERY DAY. Helios is a bitch and you're a heathen. You will definitely NOT join Isis in the Afterlife along with our holy Pharoah.   I'm so sick of you heathens pushing your phony baloney Greek religions on all of Egypt! I can't stand all this persecution! I for one stand with Ra and Isis and the Book of the Dead that is the basis for ALL THAT IS GOOD IN THE WORLD. all you need is the Book of the Dead. WAKE UP SHEEPLE!
 Yes because if you own a gun you are a fat lazy hillbilly slob.
 Yeah you're right.  Trans people are inherently unequal who gives a fuck about them.
 You think you can just walk in here and express your own opinion? You think you're allowed to simply disagree with the popular opinion??!?!!  You sir deserve all the downvotes in the world. Fucking scumbag. How could you possibly not think TLOU is the best game ever made? You must be an Xbox owner.
 What kinda fucked up person would even do this!
 But... But...  Jews suck anyway!
 Is this why I couldn't get into manhattan with my 7 train this morning? You fucking bastards.
 Is this why I couldn't get into manhattan with my 7 train this morning? You fucking bastards.
 No stupid because a darkie dunnit
 Good fucking point.
 If Lot can fuck his daughters why can't I?
 Yeah you dick.
 Fucking passengers taking photos and shit. What is this world coming to?
 Fuckin occupiers. Nothing but dirty trouble making hippies. Look at them making that mess for those poor public workers to clean up. This is disgusting. I hope they get locked away for that.
 No fuck that! live outside your means and borrow $$ on the credit card so you can have a nice pic.
 too bad you're natural that just means you're not working hard enough. those guys on gear are working way harder than you just because they stuck that needle in their ass.
 No the show sucks.
 FUCK THE TAYRA I WANT MY BADGER MK. II  CCP IS LITERALLY HITLER
 They should have just manned the fuck up!
 Holy fuck! Wtf?!?! Ham Swiss Bacon and Pepper? What is this world coming to? How dare they?
 Those fuckers should be getting more calcium so that shit doesn't happen!
 Suck cock I mean seriously It must be so easy for a girl to get a job.
 Because other people are too busy doing real work dork. Now just take my computer and make it run as fast as yours. Fuck off how long ago I bought it doesn't matter a computer is a computer!
 Don't fuck up their dialog.
 Yeah people want a game to keep improving. Fuck them.
 I call bullshit.
 OMG DAT SICK PERVERTED BASTARD! How could a man touch a crying female student's back? Goddamn kiddy fiddlers deserve nothing but the worst!
 God damnit no you can't you nigger chink
 THIS IS NOT E3 RELATED HOW FUCKING DARE YOU???!!!???
 Wow I bet your friend isn't going to fucking regret this.
 Thank you for linking to a video with annoying LOUD AS FUCK music. I'm so glad I had my speakers on.
 Ain't no chinaman in the world can throw a bag of manganese in a furnace like an *American* can!  Fuck yeah!
 You materialistic piece of shit! We hate your kind!
 HAHAHA!!  OH man I know right?!  FUCK the poor!
 He wants to be professional?  Fuck him right guys?
 Damn fuck the government man. He was just trying to make a living because he doesn't get paid enough as a fighter. Why does the government have to get all up in his business and shit.
 Good luck you dirty immigrant!
 Oh now you done fucked up. Wisconsin ain't no dirty Viking state.
 What is that even possible? people not fitting my stereotype? You got to be FUCKING kidding me
 Fuck yeah! murder more women and children that's the key to fear.
 Damn hipsters! Stop liking things I don't and having fun!
 And kudos to you for not killing him either!  Whoop-di Fucking do!!  We must celebrate everything that retards *don't* do!
 Holy shit! Someone saw something useful on reddit and applied it to their own life grab the fucking pitchforks! We have to slaughter them.
 hey shut up you arrogant asshole! thinking you're better than op just because you would've turned the dishwasher on... despicable.
 **OH MAN WHAT THE FUCK**
 Those Japanese girls they're full of crap.
 Great fucking job!
 Because we're fucking better than you you piece of shit. Just because you know how to install a motherboard it's all fucking  Oh look at me I'm so special! I can tell which voltage to set because of the CPU tolerances.  Well Fuck You Motherfucker I know ten programming languages and have fifteen complete projects on GitHub I earn a residual income of $2500 just off of my Iphone apps not even including my Andriod apps. I just wrote an enterprise application to be used by 1500 people daily and I'm in charge of supporting the app. They'll only call you if their keyboard comes unplugged.  Fucking plebeian.
 Lets go a bit further shall we. Let's use recipes from Natural Harvest book. Not twilight specific but its creepy as fuck.
 Hahahaha! Lookit that fat woman! Quick get a picture so I can post it on Reddit and everyone can laugh or cringe! I mean people are fat? What the FUCK man. Hahahaha!
 What are you talking about?  Europe is LITERALLY a golden heaven where nothing ever goes wrong.  The USA is full of morally incompetent idiots who can barely tie their shoes.
  Jesus stop fucking over-thinking it Paul!  People fucking LOVED The Matrix movies!  Nobody even REMEMBERS that the Agent was the bad guy.  All they remember is that that guy wears sunglasses and a suit and is FUCKING COOL and consumers are 38% more likely to retain BRAND FUCKING AWARENESS when it's delivered by a FUCKING COOL character played by an A-LIST HOLLYWOOD ACTOR!  Do we NOT want to make our client look FUCKING COOL?  Oh I guess nobody liked that Volkswagen Superbowl spot with the little kid dressed up as DARTH FUCKING VADER right?  Because Darth Vader is EVIL?  Oh wait no because it got over FIFTY MILLION VIEWS on YouTube and won SEVEN FUCKING CLIOS.
 don't let the freshman 15 be pounds make them be STD's.   now get out there and fuck some bitches!
 You're right. I can't believe I didn't think about you being the next Einstein. Go ahead young scholar shove pipes and vapes in your ass. You're blazing a trail for us all. So brave.
 What are you talking about? E3 has taught me that gaming is dead. Fuck off and die.
 Shut up and go gank you n00b!
 GO CONSERVATIVES!  You're doing a fucking great job!
 Don't say your fucking Holiness ! So that's why the church has been trying so hard to keep it secret.
 Pregnant woman here: MY UNBORN BROKE MY RIB BY KICKING ITS LITTLE FEET IN THE CONFINES OF MY BODY HOW DARE THE LITTLE SHIT I'M NEVER HAVING KIDS THEY'RE GHASTLY LITTLE FUCKERS!
 Yeah but she's a girl gamer. This means we should all up vote her and stick our dick up her butt.
 And the men? Well... Fuck those guys.
 Sun is not a star stupid!
 Don't tell me you won't miss his  Oh was it me?  face after every single fucking false start.
 But... my free speech is more important than your feelings/not being a complete fuck.
 You're right! I saw this when I was in a Macy's! Fuck the OP!
 That was absolutely fucking hilarious.
 By they logic every man is a shitlord because there can be men there can be shitlords and there can be men fucked up enough to be shitlords.  Oh shit you're completely correct.
 What do you mean? Men are obviously walking rape machines who have barely enough self control to not fuck everything with a gape.
 I'm going to hold out for  Raspberry Pi for the Complete Fucking Moron Who Will Never Have a Job and Will Live With His Mom Forever .
 So the male has 0% say?  Fuck it then just dress up and assault her late at night.
 Just because you're bat-shit crazy and a raging man-hating feminist doesn't mean that all raging man-hating feminists are bat-shit crazy.
 WHOA YOU MEAN REDDIT = READ IT? NO FUCKING WAY
 *HOLY SHIT! WTF!*
 A guy knows how to draw and use text?   MY GOD  BLIZZARD HIRE THIS MAN HOLY MOTHER FUCKER IN CHRIST.
 And women you damn sexist.
 The Mexicans and the Jews are collaborating?  Now we're really fucked.
 holy fucking hell I haven't seen this yet today
 fuck no! I expect you to come into my site quietly so all my pimped site can be appreciated in its whole extent!
 How dare you be so polite you're disgusting!
 graphics are a bit shit
 Damn you Jefferson!!!
 kill yourself
 BUT I'M A FAN AND I NEED TO KNOW NOW!!! I BUY THE FUCKING TICKETS I OWN THESE PLAYERS!!
 Of course. That's always what's wrong when a Democrat is a fuckup.
 Wait - you guys aren't all just a bunch of kangaroo herders and sheep fuckers?
 Neckbeards really should stop being so damn gay when they obsess about Ridiculously Photogenic Guy and other male memes or male celebrities.
 YEAH ODD FUTURE GOLF WANG 666 FUCK STEVE HARVEY
 Cuz fuck the metric system. That's why.   'Murica!
 Screw you Daniel do you know how long that mother fucker took to get out?!?! Nowhere near as long as it would take you to read about it!
 Ha-ha. It's funny 'cause he said  fuck.
 You are such a jerk! Caring for your neighbor? Not wanting him to get into an accident? Where do you get off?
 Why the fuck would a bird need ranch and hot sauce?
 Yup.  How dare men sit around and smoke pot and play video games with their friends!  Why can't the *grow the fuck up*?
 Well golly maybe he was also having sex with people in exchange for his services!  Did you ever think of that?  This guy might be a fucking monster for all we know!
 So your favorite black is a white guy. Gosh darn racists.
   No way Bob Marley is awful     Hahaha sound fucking logic
 YEA BROS! We can't even hate on niggers and faggots without people getting all up in arms and now this shit?!?!
 Yeah how DARE she show support for her country! Fuck her she should die in a fire!
 I used to work as a shopping cart retrieval boy.  I lost my job because of assholes like you.
 I don't know or care what either of those words mean but fuck all of those sims.
 Any true Muslim would kill to be fucked by Mohammed!
 Yeah I don't like their attitude. Fuckin' torture 'em.
 Yeah fuck them for supporting fascinating individuals who push the limits of the human body and mind.
 beiber smokes weed so. fucking. hardcore.
 Hahah you're so fucking funny!
 YOU PLAY THIS GAME FOR FUN? I PLAY THIS GAME TO GET MY DICK HARD
 This is correct. It is much better to have an asshole 3 feet off your bumper instead of far ahead of you where you can rubberneck and get good pics of the accident.
 Are you fucking kidding me? This kid's a tactical genius!
 Black are lazy and incompetent?  *No fucking way!*
 Oh ya they're so deep aren't they?  Paint a dead person's face black cop shows up = social injustice.  Ugly guy gets a new head then chicks like him. Wow those aren't fuckin stupid after all.
 They should just suck it up.
 Yeah she doesn't sound like a bitchy pain in my ass at all!
 ...the bad guys died? Fuck I was going to play this game!
 The boyfriend is a pussy for letting a girl beat him up.
 Guns are ok though. Don't you fuck with my 2nd amendment rights!
 Because with all the Karma OP has now he can buy an expensive car in the reddit shop. He's whoring out his baby! That sick fuck
 Oh No!  A sign!  A big fucking sign!  Freedom of thought is over!
 yeah fuck them. I mean as long as there exist people who have it worse your complaints are not valid!
 Unless you're a woman in which case that shit is shameful.
 Fucking Kobe Bryant and Lebron James.  Ruined the game.
 So how upsetting was it for the white kids to have to listen to  You're so fucking racist white boy/girl don't fucking talk to me. Don't fucking look at me no you can't have that slice of pizza. That's MY pizza. Appropriating racists. You don't know my struggles.  from the non-white folks without being able to say  Hey that's racist.    BECAUSE THERE'S NO SUCH THING AS BEING RACIST TO WHITES OF COURSE
 you sound like a transplant asshole
 Hey RES said you didn't actually downvote him! You're a liar!!
 Shut up kid.
 GO BACK TO r/ATHEISM ASSHOLE  HAVE SOME RESPECT FOR MY RELIGION YOU SACK OF SHIT
 My grandmother calls black people 'niggers'
 Yes! Kick the fuckers out on the street. That'll teach 'em to be born to a dishonest mother.   Obviously
 Guys whose first reaction to a failed sex proposition is *fucking paying the girl* are a special kind of awful person. No it's okay don't be a better person or anything just *pay her* and she's bound to have sex with you!
 Especially if you're a nigger.
 This is gentlemanboners subreddit motherfucker we don't do  polite well worded suggestions  asshole.
 Crack hands down. I mean we can all clearly see whats inside. That syringe isn't generic as fuck or anything like that!
 I can't believe the content of your post. What is wrong with you? Do you honestly think this is appropriate behavior? I'm disgusted by people like you.  It's rappel not repel. And put a period at the end of your sentences you sick fuck.
 Yeah Joe Blanton is having a solid year too. Fuck wins
 Shut up racist.
 She didnt like him. Therefore she is a huge bitch.
 Yeah fuck fairness we want to see a bloodbath!
 fag is a cigarette and a faggot is a bundle of sticks!  Thanks 4chan!
 Don't be stupid you can't be sexist against men!
 what the fuck is the writing in the middle of the photo?  by the way she is too black she will never get married!
 Shut up you communist sympathizer! If you don't love America you can get out!
 haha I get it because Bush is stupid.
 NO it's red that's JUST how fucked up it is!
 Yeah fuck common folk's property.
 He had his Jew friends get out when the getting was good.  You goym can suck it
 white male cis-scum!
 Oh those stupid females!
 Yeah seriously. There's always like several hundred people that enjoy it and push it to the front page. Fuck them.
 So what you're saying is that you want economic fairness by taking more money from people who have and giving that money to those who don't. Yep... seems really fuckin fair to me.
 Yeah let's just exile these motherfuckers to Antarctica.
 Yeah fuck secondhand car dealerships Ford ain't getting money from that.
 Yea cis hetero scum!
 Who couldn't resist the fuck of their lives? I mean it might also be the LAST fuck of your life but hey YOLO right?
 Yeah fuck his mental instability! depression is nothing!
 stupid Americans don't understand our humor hur hur hur....
 What kind of crazy documents do you guys deal with that all the formating constantly gets fucked up? Why do all these documents need crazy formatting that can't be used by any one software? What's going on here? What's wrong with ASCII text? Why can't all of them just output everything in standard XML or HTML? WTF!????!
 No because you're a guy and all guys are rapists and animals.
 Wow a straight guy making a homosexual comment on reddit? How secure must he be in his sexuality! OMG this is so cool I never see this!!!!1!
 Calling the guy a coward over the internet? Yeah cause that's so fucking brave.
 Oh noes! [facebook|gawker|other] pushed out a new layout! its horrible! fuck them! ohh shiny....
 Fuck I'm only dating a black girl to be rebellious against god! Now I'm screwed!
 Fuck off no fatties allowed in this subreddit
 Ha ha ha  yeah hippies are all scum.
 Sure they can fuck with the drink and fruit aisles all they want but they totally crossed the line by touching the wine aisle.
 LIES! They are ALL bitches at heart.
 Because it isn't their job to educate you shitlord.
 Your wife doesn't want to divorce you? LOL HAHA WHAT A CRAZY BITCH HAHA
 no of course not hes kanye a total hypocritical asshat because he wants to make money while talking about how fucked up it is to make money. He is literally the first person to ever do that.
 But don't you understand? It's based on a comic book. Comic books are for *children*. How dare they put fuck in it!
 He was probably trying to be cute. But you friendzoned him you bitch. He went to the trouble of being civil to you the least you could do is fuck him.
 Yeah pure capitalism ftw! Those stupid homeless and starving kids should just get jobs like us hardworkin' folk!
 Because all girls suck at games right?
 Wow poor kid anyone should know fuck is a really dangerous word!
 Nah brah. You're just being a pussy. Man up and everything will be fine.
 You better check your privilege mother fucker we have a strict set of rules and guidelines for anarchy here neck beard shitlord if you can't follow the rules we will ban you from srsanarchy
 But Safari sucks man. Your argument is invalid.
 Yes because team killing on S&amp;D is fucking *hilarious*.
 Wow!!!  5 whole days?  That will fucking teach him!
 Shhh! They're trying to weasel fund money. Yes copper has the same effect and is cheaper but plasma man will rake in the dough. FUCKING PLASMA! The shit star's are made out of!
 Thats California those bastards live in the fucking future. They'll even let you smoke pot if a doctor prescribes it. And did you know all their buildings are on 500ft tall poles and they drive flying cars?!?! Inconceivable!!!
 NSA hacking innocent Chinese citizens and students? Fuck 'em! They're Chinese! They're our enemies.
 because they'll be too busy sucking cocks to notice they are getting shot at.
 its like running a fucking daycare around here. Yay taco scored a goal good job little buddy! Fahkin ell.
 No Fuck you. Patriotism does not work that way! 'MERICAAAA
 *You mean you're not perfect like the rest of us?  That sucks..*
 Yeah generally the further north you got the nicer people are. Then you get to Scotland and it all goes to shit.
 shut up kid you got it so nice with your instant anal porn collection and smartphones and internet. Typical baby boomer argument.
 It's like a sadistic loop.  We take your land.  We kick you off your land.  We kill you on your land for wantin it back.  Generations later we'll sell you back your land for a high market up.  The Free Market Works!!
 You are a piss poor excuse for a fan of your team pal.
 What idiots......any means necessary.........Fuck.  How about you round up their families and throw them in jail or water board them.  Its not torture.
 Pretty shit drama if you ask me. Hopefully Grubby BMs the fuck out of someone at WCS and someone has revenge sex with his gf or something.
 You can't bring perspective into an argument like this!! Scope?!...what are you stupid?
 omg WHAT THE FUCK?????
 But I was smoking my friend up for the past several months and when he finally was able to get some (fuck hooking him up) he asked me to match him. WTF kind of shit is that? Why should I have to match him?
  I hate racists but damn those n***rs!
 damn jews
 Pussy.
 That's 'cause the driver's fuckin' dick is always pressing down on the gas pedal man!
 You are so fucking right! You know what we should do? Kill the police. All of them. Every single pig should just be shot and never replaced. Then *everything* will be so much better and we will *never* have *any* problems *ever* again! The cops will never ever be  on-site  ever again and they'll never have the opportunity to fuck things up for the rest of us.
 pussy.
 Hey Pal! Did you ever stop to think that maybe this dead bird enjoyed eating that shit!? Iam pro-do-whatever-the-fuck-you want and assuming this bird did not want to eat this is down right ignorant! Can you crawl inside its rotting brain and tell me it said  Wow a bunch of plastic I cannot stop myself from eating due to human ERROR ERROR ERROR! ? No but I can say that from the amount this bird obviously liked it. I say this bird died happy and with a gullet filled with shit it wanted to eat. I hope I can end up half as lucky as this bird (minus the rotting on the side of th road).
 They just don't let the diet and fashion industry guilt them to self-hating like those size 22's. Stupid anorexic size 22 skinny fuckers.
 Nope in my day we wet our finger and if boards and chickens stuck to it we got in the storm shelter. You little puppets want the government to wipe your ass every time something happens. Grow up.
 When the rain comes you're gonna look really stupid...
 No you're right.  Bangladesh is a fucking paradise.  Capitalism is heaven.  Especially modern financial capitalism.  Bankers love you.  Every religion worships usury.  All hail Rothbard the holy.
 Then obviously he should be fired because gays don't deserve jobs and if you're paying that gay then you're supporting homosexuality and jesus hates you for that.
 Stop being such an apologist and check your privilege you scum.
 Rawr! Big person smash cause I a dumb guy! Rawr! lol
 It's more like saying it's fucked up you consider violent opposition  against sex traffickers  fascism .  Someone please think of the sex traffickers for once!
 Who cares if your mother is a crackhead and your dad an abusive alcoholic.  You better damn choose them over your dog if you had to choose!
 Didn't fucking see that coming
 Being nice and respectable is not a crime. Being nice and respectable reflects on your ability to land a good job after college. The same kind of girls who friend zoned you while in college will be lining up to fuck your brains out once you land that good job. You get to pick and choose.
 Damn you woman! This is your punishment for making us men eat that apple! Damn you!
 Yes because having sex with your boyfriend makes you a shameless whore
 What? And not have a nice stable and reliable person at home in your bed the other 5-6 nights when you're not fucking around? Don't be ridiculous!
 Is that the same  grumpy cat ? Herp a derp I'm a bit stupid so I can't tell whether it's the same fucking cat with the same fucking name or actually a bunch of different cats. And I know for a fact that a bunch of fellow redditards are like me &amp; are still unsure.
 Well that sounds like the bee's fuckin' knees!  I'll sign up right now!!!
 Well he obviously sucks
 Guilty until proven innocent! Fuck yeah!
 Chet Atkins and Jeff Beck are just bassists fucking around on guitars. If they were real guitarists they would use picks.
 Yeah *fuck* women. Those clucking hens do nothing but gossip amirite?
 If male don't show emotion. You are a man's man and you should be watching football goddamnit!
  I  before  E  except after  C !!! FUCKING RETARD SHIT
 You are fucking retarded for having that opinion. WE ARE STARDUST. SCIENCE WEED ENERGY.
 Ugh I KNOW right? I mean fuck women. How DARE they think they can be sexually free and chose who they want to fuck. I mean casual consensual sex? DISGUSTING! Women should never have sex and men should have literally as much sex as they can possibly have.
 LOSE SOME WEIGHT FATASS!  I'm referring to the husband. Only a fat fucker would tolerate a moocow like that. :O
 sick pervert.
 Booo there's no picture I don't give a shit.
 I'm just trying to imagine the scenario here. You've been beaten and mugged you're lying in a hospital bed recovering from say a stab wound or a concussion. You're bruised in pain and exhausted. You're worried about that mugger who got away with your credit cards your driver's license and other identifying information and damn it he also got your cell phone! You can't even call your mom to tell her what happened!   And then your friend Jill walks in. She sees you lying there pale and mottled with bruises a split lip big bandage on your head and she says...   TheWanderingJew why the fuck did you walk down that back street? Didn't you know the streetlights there don't work? Haven't you heard that there've been some muggings in the area?     Jill  you say  My car stalled and I had to walk down the street to get a cell phone signal.    And then she says  TheWanderingJew you're a fucking idiot and you deserve what happened. That mugger was just waiting for a moron like you to walk down the street.    Yep excellent friend that Jill. Very supportive. I hope you can stay with her during your recovery - I bet she'd really go out of her way to help you out.
 WOW lets add more money and see if that does something to that flat fucking line.
 You're a great example of how effective that fucking dept of education is.
 Because promisc mode SUCKS!
 I know right? It's *your* healthcare pay for it *yourself*. If you can't afford it then *too fucking bad*.  *Get a better job*.
 HOORAY DODGING 200 FUCKING LIGHTNING BOLTS AGAIN. Totally looking forward that shit.
 Maybe he should just go fuck better looking women and leave her with a baby.
 Its actually an epidemic right now seems kids nowadays just fall backwards and fuck their backs up for life.
 You must be some kind of fucking idiot for posting this kind of empirical dribble. Clearly they're burning fuels with different carbon content or the second plane dipped into a pocket of colder air. This is only evidence of your stupidity for believing that there could be a covert aerosol program. Scientific institutions would surely give us heads up. Get outta here you imbecile!
 Pussy
 Societal responsiblity? GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE YOU COMMUNIST!
 ALL BRITS ARE STUPID AND EVERYTHING IS FAKE ALIENS MAN THEY COVERED UP THE ALIENS!
 Yeah how dare people get mad at cops just for being negligent and shooting kids. Stupid hippies.
 Oh what's that? Silverlight didn't work because nobody gave a flying fuck? Gee that must've been hard to fucking predict.
 Shut your retard mouth. It's not our fault you were too lazy to find a real job.
 Yeah!  Kancho Ninja you're such a jerk for saying nice things about another human being.  Where do you get off?
 So you're saying Microsoft doesn't give a shit about customers!?!?!?! *GASP* NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
 Yeah.. all those Total War SUCK!
 Yeah what the fuck reddit? It's like you enjoy talking with people who share your interests and hobbies?
 Illiterate men turn me on so much!! Hope you scoop this guy up op!!
 I've always held the opinion of not judging the land by the actions of a minority of this people.  I read this kind of shit almost every day.  I think I need to make an exception. Fuck Israel Fuck every single Israeli. If you're not harming the Palestenians directly you are supporting a corrupt government. Therefore FUCK YOU.  Religion of Peace!
 Hey now don't get all pissy just because you have to walk a little further to the barracks.   Drink water change your socks and man the fuck up *Marine.*
 Yeah that guy is literally a pig.
 If at first you don't succeed...try fifteen more fucking times. And maybe throw in a vagina picture or two.
 Coldplay's Viva La Vida does the same. Fucking Pink Floyd had to go and copy them.
 Because the human body is *disgusting* and *immoral*. KEEP YOUR BREASTS COVERED UP.  REPENT.
 You racist bastard.
 Nothing that a 45 shoved up the docs ass can't cure. Save my wife fucker or loss the balls.  I could see the above happening. What are the idiots thinking?  That is right ya need a brain to think.
 Damn you should have told the countless people dressed up as Hitler that.
 What a scumbag!
 I hope there's lots of shotty colabs on it! That would be fuckin great!
 Yeah what a prick. He doesn't buy every single person he sees digging through trash a meal WHAT AN ASSHOLE.
 Yeah fuck people who are willing to improve themselves!
 SINCE WHEN DO THEY LET 12 YEAR OLDS ON REDDIT?? FUCK IM OLD!
 Yaayyy! Now I can be a better smug asshole!
 These days it's more like 3 minutes. fuckin ADD generation.
 How dare you reduce him to a label like 'idiot'! There are no smart people there are no stupid people. There are just people.
 Hey you! Shut Up.  Your horse is walking on the sidewalk and its a Sunday!  Throw this POS in jail!
 HOW DARE SHE NOT WANT TO GO OUT FOR COFFEE WITH YOU!? WHAT A BITCH BRO!
 yea our young back to back Finals and newly crowned championship coach sucks
 THIS  Your attitude sucks. Please lecture us all some more on how to be proper feminists.
 Yeah! USA! USA! USA! We might fuck up everything else but at least we've broken a dodgeball game record bitches!
 As well you should.  You're a terrible person.  You MONSTER.
 That entire genre of comedy the awkward teen doing stupid things movies just completely and totally irritate the shit out of me.  Also I call shennigans on the OP no fucking way did the kid try to chant a cone of cold spell.  That's ridiculous.  We all know he'd go with magic missile first.  C'mon OP you're not even trying.
 Yes please let him go he sucks and is horrible
 55$? for Shoes? how is that fucking frugal?!?!?
 Haha I get it because americans are stupid! haha!
 Zlatan is so fucking classy man wait until he's in the MLS
 Because he's black you racist.
 Read the fucking article you tool. Circumcision reduces cases of UTI by 90%.  That's a scientific survey not some bullshit that just got pulled out my ass.  Do you even know how stupid you sound.    So by your logic the parents that didn't get circumcisions for their kids neglect their children allowing the UTIs to happen.  And the parents that get the circumcision are more attentive.  See how flawed your statement is.  You are just ignoring facts and making up shit to try to justify your position.    So intellectual of you
 FUCK YEAH MICHELLE BACHMAN 2012!#!@%$
 HA! THAT will shut up those damn eurosnobs!
 Because this isn't controlling and manipulating as fuck or anything.
 Lol stupid Americans they're all too fat to walk and too lazy to drive!
 You must be lying because everyone over here who isn't telling me your system is totally fucked up is telling me that it's an amazing system where you always get everything you need for free and everyone ends up playing hopscotch at age 112. There's no way it can be in the middle man! That would require the entire political spectrum in my country to be lying to me! You're crazy! CRAZY I SAY!
 You're a racist!
 Maybe you shouldn't have been such a bitch.
 Oh look another guy who thinks government bans (picking winners &amp; losers) are a  good  thing. Yeah fuck the consumers.
 shit i'm damned near twice your age. i've only come on to reddit because my fingers are sore from playing games all night.  STFU kid.
 You like a spinoff of one of the Big Three anime? You must be made of shit tier.
 Flair up you cunt!
 They also shouldn't have picked the picture that makes him look like fucking Matthew McConaughey.  Check out this heart-throb terrorist!  He'll blow your heart to pieces!
 Yeah because conservatives don't do that every fucking day.
 You almost got statutory raped! omg you're so lucky that didn't happen!
 My attempts to be funny are just not working out very well today... Fuck.
 Yeah like that WTT trash. No one liked that and Jay sucks almost as bad as when he made that Blueprint crap.
 Well that makes him WAY less stupid.
 Hopefully you two can get back to jerking each other off in the near future.
 Yeah zero these memes are serious business.  Better not fuck up again or we'll send a mob after you.
 whoa whoa whoooooaaaa...   You can't touch the 3rd rail of politics. Even the tea party people don't want medicare or social security touched. I mean fuck everyone else right? just don't touch their shit.
 Yeah! Don't fuck with that bad drug! Just that good drug!!!
 Fuck it they can have Steve Blake for Westbrook.
 Nice try Bungie... promoting your charity and shit... you monster.
 You forgot dick pics!
 omg capitalism is dying there!!!!! those damn fascists!
 Don't all of you know? All Muslims are illegal immigrant terrorists who steal our jobs and eat babies. GOSH!
 I think you're missing the millions killed by the US. From what I recall it's over 2 million just in Cambodia towards the end of the Vietnam war alone.   Unless of course you're trying to make a propaganda piece then hey you're doing a great job America Fuck YA!
 Well it's a fucking good thing they didn't feed any starving people with this poison!
 You read books that have sold millions of copies. So unique. You go bro fuck the mainstream!
 Rock was better before these damn kids came and ruined it. Damn Brits ruining Chuck Berry.
 Jesus wouldn't fuck Christ. Masturbation's Satan's typewriter dontcha know.
 Yeah fuck laws. The founding fathers didn't know what the fuck they were talking about when they put it in the constitution that only a natural born citizen can be president.
 I agree man!  I mean like what the fuck?! Can't go posting a map of Boston in a subreddit where more than half the game takes place in Boston.  Seesh fucking people these days.
 You shouldn't say  yo fucker  that's ableist terminology that discriminates against people who can't have sex.
 Wait so now the kid was  hopped up on drugs or just messed up in the head  and he  picks a fight ?!?   Well shit. Why didn't you just say so! Of course he deserves a bullet to the chest. What was I thinking!?!?!!!!11
 Quite surprising that a kid could come from that family and be fucked up.
 Ya she is probably just a slut.
 To bad we don't have Pittman anymore to fuck up Green.
 Just because he hates Mexicans families and old people? You're just a hipster-yuppie basher!
 those Americans who buy health insurance include small business owners who don't have the luxury of having employer provided healthcare.    but you're right fuck 'em
 Its not cedric its rashad miller jeez cant tell black people apart! Racist!!!
 You're right. Vlady is fucking delicious!!
 STOP OPPRESSING ME!!! YOU ARE LITERALLY HITLER!!!
 Yes God forbid she make an appreciative breakfast and go running! That stupid bitch!
 But I thought being a pansexual was when you only have sex with pans!
 lol downvotes?  fuck you for having an opinion on when the best time to have your own child was
 No this is stupid and fake.
 Yeah he sounds like a bastard what with the not giving you a ticket and all.
 Nobody gives a fuck about *that*!
 Yes because all fat chicks are dumb.
 that is such a stupid question. surprise me not that it came from military  thinkers    if you stupid and dumb and dont have any money join the military! go die for rich people in a far off land!!! hurray!
 I agree! And if Emilia Clarke shows up in her Khaleesi outfit to give me a handjob tonight it's going to fucking great!
 Damn you Julian Assange! See how your whistleblowing is causing people to *die*!
 So you are ashamed of sexual affection huh?! huh?!  Shame on you!!!!
 But anal literally creates AIDS!
 BUT HES BLACK YOU RACIST
 He shouldn't have been fucking lying down on that part of the ice!
 Fucking liberals and their socialist agenda!  I had to close my mine because they forced us to 'pay an equal wage'.   Fuck them!  Free market spoke and said a kid would work for 2cents a day.  Progressive Society...FUCKING THING SUCKS!
 Why would you want to do something so stupid as that?  What an F-in idiot!
 Fuck Morrowind that game was so stifling. You couldn't truly be your own character.   Real gamers only play Daggerfall.
 How dare you tell us to be civil!  You're a facist!
 Nah fuck that we're gonna use the Manchester United striker strategy for attacking midfielders.
 My block used to have 7 bodegas. Now it has 4. Fucking white people
 Ohhh you are such a rebel. Tell me about all the other things that make you a bad ass.
 Ungrateful harpies.
 YEAH MAN FUCK THE COPS FIGHT THE POWER
 Cool.  TIL sexual assault and rape are ok as long as you're drunk.
 It's the Protestants that keep fucking it all up for everybody.
 Yeah fuck Health Canada for not allowing me to donate on days when my allergies are bothering me! What a bunch of allergy-phobes!
 Tough one probably Bitch Suck Dick or We Got Bitches... OFWGKTA are so deep!
 What are you STOOPID?
 You know what... its raining here DAMN YOU URBANNNNN!!!!!
 If I were you I'd put a few more fucks just to prove my point even more.
 Be more humble you prick.
 Liberal scum!
 And you didn't cut your grapes in half? Your two year old will CHOKE AND DIE!!!!
 I love how you got down voted for this how dare you speak up about this issue and not just continue to condemn fat people! Be more American damn you!
 Yeah I agree.  If rape victims don't like being shouted at they should just shut the fuck up.
 yeah cause super mario is shit
 So your saying that they meant to space the holidays 9 months apart? MIND FUCKING BLOWN
 16 year old here have absolutely no fucking clue what this is.
 You know what. When you atheists die and get reincarnated (or whatever the hell you claim happens.) I hope that you get reincarnated as a tree. Yes a tree. So when you're a tree just standing there blowing in the breeze a big sweaty guy with an ax comes and chops you down. THUUMP!!! And then they grind you up. GRIIIIND!!! and make paper out of you. Then when you're paper they PRINT THE BIBLE ON YOU!!!!!!!
 American Spirit blasphemy! You will rot in American Spirit hell for holding down such trash with them!
  Goddamnit you're just too afraid to admit how sexy you think I am. Deniaaaaaaal.
 Until they're the bullshit then you're SOL.
 You're just being hateful of Ron Paul. You're full of hate.
 And so he should shut up and stay ignorant.
 You're right we should just keep making sprawling suburbs until Vancouver stretches out to Chilliwack. Fuck density.
 Oh my God WTF! He's asking the magazine store for magazines! What an animal!
 Clinton is god to obama being jesus on reddit. They are the most amazing people on earth and fuck you for saying otherwise.
 Fucking mad! How dare those faggots tempt me to give into evil and make me feel all those sinful feelings I've fought for so many years with the help of Jesus my Savior!!
 Sure I heard in Mac Rumors that in a not so distant future you would be able to sinc the iPad over PDDoUF (Pixies dust data over unicorn farts) directly to the datacenter in the Minitrue.  Remember you all **envious bitches** we're talking about devices filled with magic. shesh.  Oh and You bitch because we need to buy $40USD cables? Try to fucking stash a dozen or more pixies inside a cable! fuck why people are so envious? I bought this iPad waiting for some appreciation and respect and all I do is run from forum to forum cleaning the stains ignorant people dare to smear on the good ol Apple damn people get a life and don't be poor k?.
 I can't stop laughing! You're such a genius! How original! Those stupid vegans can't argue with your awesome comments!
 It's supposed to be  it's  not stupid. Gosh you illiterate dodo go back to school!
 Don't you tell me what I do and don't believe you blasphemous dick!
 Clearly the lazy misdirected kid in the second picture should get off his ass and start a non-profit to fight against child abuse.  Seriously if you're not going to put your balls to the wall get back on Farmville.
 Yep let's talk about Dick Cheney also - George Bush.  Fuck them.  Obama is great.
 That is so racist! Africans are normal people like you or I. They are not a dying breed Barack Obama is president so they are the future! God you racist people make me sick!
  Congratu-fucking-lations Kenny you've managed to make another orbit around Sol without killing yourself.    And that's it. I don't celebrate birthdays. I stopped caring when I was 14 or 15. Whoop-de-fuckin'-do I survived another orbit around Sol better call LIFE magazine because that's an achievement worth celebrating!
 Shut up Gaijin
 Sometimes it's almost like some of those religious people are a bit stupid.
 'Hell no to raising taxes hell no to big government hell no to liberal spending.'  You cannot be fucking serious.   I'd show you how full of shit everything you have to say is but I'd have to utilize facts and try and engage in meaningful discourse with you. We all know how pointless that would be.
 Psh!  They're just nice guys who are socially awkward.  Stop being a paranoid feminazi.
 You're right. Capacitive touch is for the birds. Fuck everything related to the Nexus One amirite?
 It is mind filling me in what sport is this and in the fucking world are the gunners.
 Who gives a fuck what those communists do? I want my health care to stay the most expensive and exclusive in the world. USA Nr.1 bitches!
 WTF GET OFF MY WALL YOU DON'T KNOW SHIT ABOUT HOW I LOVE MY BOYFRIEND AND HOW HE WOULD GIVE ANY THING - INCLUDING HIS OVARIES.
 ohh well that is ok then...  Fuck rice burners...........
 But reddit's the ONLY sight that does gifs and memes don't you get it? LOL reddit made memes up and WE run the internet. FUCK 9GAG!!!!!
 C'mon killing people's fun!
 No they're only incrementing the release numbers to fuck with google.
 You sold a wrecked vehicle! I knew you were that type! Damn drunks.
 No you're obviously a shill.
 While you're at it why not jam your thumbs in their eyes.  Sorry broooozki I guess those soft spots on your face were just begging to get gouged the fuck out.
 Fucking Cheeseheads! Still bitter that we took Favre eh?
 No one owns a word. A great example is that damn interview between Samuel L Jackson and some white guy in which Samuel directly asks the white guy to say 'nigger'. The white guy declines over and over again and you can see the fear in his eyes. This is some Harry Potter 'Voldermort' shit. No one owns a word the only person stopping that white guy from saying nigger is that white guy and it's fucking idiotic.  If you happen to be a homosexual or other person who has suffered at the hands of bigots slinging the word faggot at you probably alongside physical blows I'm sorry but that doesn't mean you own the word. If you aren't the above person then you have no right to be speaking for those people.  In short the word is EVERYONE'S TO DEFINE. As are all words. No one person cannot change the definition of a word. But it is ignorant to suggest that a group of people can't. It happens all the time. An easy example is drug slang. What did weed mean before drug slang? What did hashish mean? Hell that's not even a fucking English word. It's Arabic and it just means grass but we've adopted it and changed its meaning.  You can demand all you like that this is a black and white issue but you'd be wrong. Words are words their meanings are malleable and changeable. And to suggest that any one person owns a word or any other aspect of the English language is absurd.  PS: By your logic please stop using any of the words created by William Shakespeare. You don't own them.
 Yeah idiots! If you're going to live in AMERICA you better learn our language!
 Great. Just great. I'm going to have to work on that shit like a rabid beaver on a tree now... fucking terrific.
 WHAT'RE YOU CALLING FAIRLY MINOR. THIS SHIT IS SERIOUS.
 To the office of; Chambliss  Eat shit and die fifty pounds that is sucker! Each of ya!  Hows that for a fucked up message. (This is not a death threat.)
 What you don't like watch or hear the sounds of another man being felated through a hole in an ajacent bathroom stall by another man while being filmed while you are either holding your penis to pee or dropping your trousers to shit?  What a Fag indeed.
 Everything has an unintended consequence to you guys doesn't it?!  You know sometimes the unintended consequence of a ginormous piece of bureaucratic legislation can be good. That one time that uhhh ... that one thing that one time they did that uhhhh ... Fuck all you guys!
 Yeah because girls are stupid and don't know how to google
 First you're a hot guy he wants to chill with then you're a nigger.  Gotta love people who handle rejection well
 **Die American imperialist pig!!!**
 Because power + prejudice = racism you stupid cishet shitlord go check your dictionary use privilege.
 That we're all poor faggots
 Shut up you're ruining the moment!
 Oh yeah... we are pansies in comparison to people who play other sports... Fuckin' hippie's
 Damn it people stop posting about this!  You're killing Golden Lotus prices!  :P
 Yes let's blame the victims instead of the troll. How dare people call the guy a faggot? It's not his fault that he's a class A douchebag.
 Damn you guys  Cant get away with anything here.
 shut up atheist
 and photo bombed by gol dang hommie sexuals!
 White supremacist!!!1!1!
 I do not live in the US.   I'll come up with a better business model how about I download all of your salary then sit back and laugh at you because you worked for nothing.   That'd be fucking hilarious.
 What a typical pretentious asshole Christian.
 Don't worry we are all too fat and stupid to understand.
 Fuck the government! Revolution NOW! I don't know why I dislike them other than my friends opinions have basic civics knowledge or understand the consequences of a revolution but fuck them!
 ya man like fuck people younger than us right?
 Or talk. And they eat creatures like pumba and timone. They also don't conspire with hyenas. Man I fucking HATE that movie.
 lolz but Feaster sucks amirite?
 Obviously you've never made fun of a child before. Haven't you ever felt so beta that you have to show some shitty kid with a haircut you don't like who's boss? It's a really rewarding feeling and gives you the confidence to go hit the club and date rape some hot oblivious party slut. It's the greatest!
 nice troll dick.
 STOP THE FUCKING PRESSES THEY STOLE OUR PRECIOUS NARWHAL BACON MEME. HOW DARE THEY.
 HA yeah right. Everyone loves to work their ass off and build a company to have some fat fucking statist asshole steal it from them with a gun once it becomes profitable.  Oh yeah its business growth as far as the eye can see.
 Yeah you know how games like Red Dead Redemption costed $100 million to make? Fuck that $50 bucks is a rip off man
 Yeah screw that shit! I'm gonna be up with all the cool kids doing some fun stuff in EVE!
 Hockey's racist man.  It's a bunch of white guys hitting a black puck around the ice.
 what? weed? no i hate that shit. i just smoke it cuz its disgusting and it doesn't get you high.
 stupid drug smoking hippie the law is the law
 you sound like my wife. shut up and make your husband a sandwich.
 Damn HR! Back in my day women's butts were made for slapping!
 Oh shit a differing opinion.  Guess I better downvote it.
 This makes it a hate crime! DAMN THAT CABBIE WHO WAS PROBABLY WHITE!
 Thats a pretty SHITTY book hahaha SO funny
 HOLY FUCKING SHIT OTHER PLACES HAVE LESS RIGHTS THAN US SO IT MUST BE TOTALLY OKAY THAT OURS ARE BEING TAKEN AWAY AND WE MUST BE ASSHOLES FOR NOT WANTING TO GIVE UP OUR FREEDOMS! ALSO CAPS LOCK FOR EVERYTHING!!!
 What a pussy. Walk it off.
 Or maybe he likes bolt action rifles and is buying it for other reasons than utility?  No obviously he's an idiot. Fuck that guy.
 YEAH! Star Wars was excellent why the heck did you have to go on and make that Empire Strikes Back rubbish?
 Like the Crusades!   Damn those evil Atheists!
 You're just killing nature with your gas gussleing automobiles!!!
 The fact that she's going out with that douchebag Makko. That's obviously all her being a slut.
 Obama's administration....DUH!!!! That damned commy fascist.
 check your privilege you white cis male scum
 But all cops are pigs and must be killed like the pigs they are!
 Happy camper. Who the fuck likes camping?
 **AHEM**  Don't you mean  Woman up ?  Cis scum.
 If they'll all be destroyed eventually let's not give a fuck about them now and do whatever we want!!
 because anything other than six launcher suck balls
 OMG you cursed!
 Well we helped perpetuate it as well so fuck off we can ruin what we want.
 Hahaha she pronounced something differently than you do and that makes her stupid. That's hilarious.
 But don't you know that sex with a woman is the purpose of life?!!  If you don't get that sweet sweet sex you might as well kill yourself.
 Man I wish all those stupid black people would quit smoking outside my window. What? You're offended? I was only addressing the *stupid* ones!
 Hey hey hey remember sexism is only sexism when it's against women! Against a man and it's just funny like that guy who got his penis cut off and shoved in a garbage disposal by his wife. Hilarious!
 Liar! All video games do is turn kids into uneducated murderers!
 Yeah fuck these guys for posting new hockey highlights on a subreddit for hockey.
 Racist! That's racist! You are racist! You racist you!
 You disgusting bigot! Just because she has a working penis and has impregnated another woman with said penis doesn't make her a man!
 I like your thinking. Because people are idiots we should do things in a stupid manner.
 Because hot chicks don't see your badass masculine visage in a full face helmet.
 Remember you're an asshole if you ever excel at anything publicly.
 But... But... fat people are gross
 He's obviously black and Jewish.  You guys are so insensitive.
 Sounds like you're trying to create a backdoor universal healthcare plan you damn pinko commie!
 it must suck looking at a picture twice
 Oh no gay sex is so utterly disturbing what ever will I do?!? And it's even OLD PEOPLE. Are you telling me OLD GAY PEOPLE HAVE SEX????
 Yeah! Those fucking sociopaths. Shame on them for trying to make a profit while feeding the world. While we're at it fuck pharmaceutical companies. We'd be way better if they never bothered to make drugs. Those unethical bastards making money off the backs of cancer patients.
 No no no a  white hispanic  shot a black guy.  He was WHITE you guys!
 Damn but your typing spelling grammer etc are all good for a 6 year old. The US education system must be working a lot better than I had heard.
 Easily the most fucked up thing I've seen today
 Yeah fuck broadening his musical style we want the old Kanye back.
 You're black!?!?! You must be one of those horrible people who hate yourself for being black and you're also a secret racist. That's what SRS tells me anyway they call those people  Special snowflakes.  You're suddenly worse than Hitler and a traitor to your race.
 biological weapon of mass destruction*  Those crazy liberals!
 Of course you have to be a non-arab to make this mistake. Stupid non-arabs.
 New host sucks!  *Whine snivel bitch bitch complain etc.*
 You're right. It's those damned Mexican!!
 But its always your fault you want sex so much.
 because she was just showing she was a sexually empowered womyn you were clearly sizing her up to rape her as soon as she left.
 Yeah because fuck the Native Americans right?
 shut the fuck up anti-semite they are god's chosen people says so right here in this book they gave me they can do anything they want because they are jewish and Israel can do no wrong THEY JUST WANT THE RIGHT TO EXIST why do you hate them so much for being jewish?
 Yeah fuck Ellen Page she shouldn't get credit for her extensive work amirite?
 fuck the friendzone am i right?! le fedora tip.
 Don't forget that you're a rape apologist for defending a man. All men are potential rapists so when you defend a man you're making rape OK. You disgust me.
 STRAIGHT A'S IS THAT ALL YOU GOT?  HOW MANY AP CLASSES YOU GOT? TWO? ARE YOU KIDDING ME?  YOU NEED AT LEAST A 4.8!  HOW MANY CLUBS ARE YOU IN? IM BUILDING A FUCKING FLYING ROBOT THAT CURES CANCER  ARE YOU GOOD AT SPORTS? WHAT'S THAT YOU AREN'T IN THE TOP .1% OF THE BEST? YOU'RE BASICALLY NOT AN ATHLETE.
 Never happens to men ever. Luckily neckbeards and fedora wearing ass burgers are all treated like individuals.
 I got a DUI for passing out in my backseat because my keys were lefton the dash.  Further proving that everybody who has ever gotten a DUI is a sick fucker who is trying to kill every single car on the road and doesn't care about anybodies life.
 Todd didn't use roids that should fucking standout but let's all love the roids guys because they saved baseball.
 Lol like I said I was at work. I usually leave my opiates at home being not a fuck up. I know it's a pretty far stretch.
 But he's an artist not a bitch!
 Yeah hairy bodies and the Yeti look is soooooooo much sexier.  Girls love it when they go down on a guy and get pubes stuck in their teeth... yum.  Screw trimming or shaving. Stupid Germans.
 Yeah sure... Hamas is such a bitch it just made an air strike with drones and stuff on land that is not theirs just to fucking kill civilians who are fighting for their rights
 Thats because we have a lot more slackers. Get three jobs you lazy flea bags.
 Holy fuck. You're from another planet or something. 3rd day of the 24th month 2012?!?
 Yup all gun owners are only moments away from snapping and being mass murders! Hide your kids!
 Fuck you.  Grass type is the best strategic choice for starter Pokemon.  Grass type does ok against Brock's rock type and excels against misti's water types.  You get a huge boost at the start of the game by breezing through these gyms.  Water type may crush Brock's gym but you won't have the advantage over misti and fire type will so jack all against rock and fail against water type.  Lrn2pokemon you filthy casual
 Ummm EXCUSE ME!? The COPS said that this GUY SHOT A COP... so you think the COP SHOT HIMSELF. OMG this means YOU'RE A DRUG DEALER!
 Are you talking shit about glorious nippon? You shouldn't do that because I want to move there and become a mangaka when I'm grown up! Stupid gajin baka!
 Yes fuck humans because clearly all suffering is equivalent. There is no gray area only black and white.
 So you shouldn't be a decent human being when you're behind a computer screen? Oh in that case let's go rape some babies!
 Because I'm the Juggernaut Bitch!
 That's why you start early and skip useless items like wards Mek and other silly items. If the damn carries want all the gold they can buy all their items too selfish bastards.
 That's gross. Can we stop talking about disgusting vaginas and get back to the maggots.
 The author is also a muslim. Everyone's a fucking Muslim. We're all good-samaritans and peace-loving people.
 New account?  Yeah bet this is Debney.  Go fuck off.  Do the very doable list of things those you harassed asked and then we'll talk.  And all you  anarchists  fucking mansplaining? Seriously?  Yeah lets continue to practice things perpetuated by the oppressive patriarchal system.  Good idea!
 Yeah because fuck those low elo players they don't deserve a balanced game.
 Deload?  What the fuck is that?
 It's clear you don't know what you're talking about. Only gay men are homos. Gay girls are wonderful creatures God put here for men to masturbate to. That's why the Bible doesn't mention lesbians.
 Oh no! That young child saw the buttcheeks of his own mother! He must be scarred for life! He'll probably grow up to be a rapist! What's worse is she's hugging a man! What a disgusting display of animalistic lust! He's going to turn out to be a raping serial killer for sure!!!
 Ummm your logic is bad.  How the hell is the cop going to know you're just  riding around ? How does he distinguish that riding with  just stole it trying to get home ASAP riding around ?   How DARE he pull you over because you're riding a bike that precisely fits the description of the one that was just stolen.  He was clearly just doing it to mess with you what an asshole.
 You and your friggin' conspiracy theories... ohh. What? Not conspiracy? Damn you and your braggin' about being right all the time. Hippies.
 I fucking love Willow Smith!
 Jeez black people you were only disenfranchised and enslaved for half a millenia. Get over yourself. Sheesh.
 Muhfucking NHS y'all. We really really need it. Just think the obese guy who ate himself straight into cardiac arrest could be getting triple bypass surgery on your dollar. The guy who smoked himself through 40 years of his life could be hitting you up for his laryngitis voice box. The drunk asshole who crashed his motorcycle could be getting surgery on your dime. Fuckin' socialized medicine y'all. Shut the fuck up and just pay us and everythings ok. Never question anything. That's the way to live. God save the Queen!
 Wow! You just got your tongue pierced and it hurts like hell!! So wtf!
 Grumpy old man sharpens his prang and stocks up on ammo.
 What a dick glad you were able to contribute in a meaningful way.
 No that was someone... anyone... else's fault.  Not possibly anything to do with republicans fucking us all over or anything.
 You bought an assault pistol without a background check? You monster!
 oh shit! he's the guy from that meme!
 It was a last present from his dying mother before she passed away from six different types of cancers you asshole.
 I guess there is a little bit of timmy in all of use.    But not like that because that would be gay and being gay is for faggots and I'm not a faggot.
 I think that downvote was deserved fuck him for sharing his opinion/experience.
 No shit if someone has to explain humor to you then you clearly are not going to get it.  I'm so shocked that you're a shit poster with negative comment karma!
 You?  You're going to be fine it's your idiot brother who needs taking care of.
 **Whites Asians and Hispanics! Make sure to go vote today!**  What? Someone has a problem with that? Well it must be because they're  too fucking stupid.
 How dare you voice an opinion on a MAN'S page you silly female.
 Yeah Socialism really sucks.
 Wait a Spanish journalist filed the lawsuit as well? Why is the entire country of Spain so fucking stupid?
 Yeah annoying people deserve to get seriously injured while handcuffed and defenseless!  Dumb bastards.
 GOOD NEWS? NOT WHILE I'M LITERALLY STEPPING IN MOUNDS OF FECES EVERYWHERE I GO. NOT WHILE TRANSPLANTS ARE GENTRIFYING THE MISSION. NOT WHILE I KEEP SEEING THAT FUCKHEAD ZUCKERBERG GETTING COFFEE ACROSS THE STREET.
 whatcha talkin bout we're already greatest contry on earth MERICA FUCK YEA!!!
 Blackface is racist!!!!!!
 21 half hours?!  That's a long fucking time for spaghetti!
 Motherfucker. I see no recipes for flavored peanut butter here so now I have to check how to make my own healthy cheap delicious peanut butter online. You heartless bastard.
 DUUDE! Post a video and pictures but not shitty quality or you'll be publicly shunned.
 HAHA! IS FUNNY BECAUSE FAT GIRLS DON'T GET TEH D! SOOOOO FUNNY HA HA HA!
 What?! Are you telling me we increase funding to schools and they don't use it wisely?! Never would've expected the government to fuck something like this up.
 If you don't immediately buy a plane ticket and fly back to the UK because he commanded it you're a racist!
 But only white people can be racist. And Islam is one of the most peaceful and tolerant religions in the world. You're just an ignorant bigot.
 Yea! Fuck those people that want to be healthier. This is *my* gym!
 But obviously if you show a kid how to hold a gun he will shoot up his entire school that next day right?
 Typical liberal media bias making up lies and fake data to go against America. It's all liessssssss
 Good point. Let's round up all the complete low-life douche bag criminals and kill them.
 Oh God.  Yeah you're hideous.
 Do you not have any gay friends?  Untwist your politically correct panties.  That's what SHE said.  Oh darn see now I'm making fun of women and must be a sexist asshole.
 Well if your standards are this low you'll be drowning in shitty pussy soon for sure.
 pft whatever what could go wrong fuck the police
 This guy sucks. If they let him on I'll never watch that show again. :(
 Gah! Why cant you just shutup and enjoy the new Sim City?!
 Big bird is big you silly conservatives.
 PROOF OF GOD.  FUCK /R/ATHEISM  AMIRITE?!
 Oh darn that must suck.
 Apparently you've decided to sit down and shut up because he's a well-known poster and you're kind of an asshole. Lets all just take the hand we're given and hope things iron themselves out. This is what people like this politician want.
 Well might as well join in the fun all these religious folk get to have.  I'm gonna come over there and rape you then murder you while I shove the god delusion down your throat and finally piss on a crucifix just because I can.
 I'm glad someone took a beautiful natural location like that with it's dramatic sweepy majesty and put a giant fucking hotel next to it.
 Man fuck Kobe Sebastian Telfair totally has a better PPGM than him!
 Nah dude he's just bein a pussy
 she like totes needs a job for hurr kid yo! Dont be a sexist and stop hurr from gettin that money$$
 no but gasoft sucks remember?????!!! we shoulda traded him years ago
 Obviously all these men are 'batshit crazy'.
 Man i didnt know Bush was such a bastard back then as well!
 Silly Comrad Great Leader Cumo does what he wants. If capitalist pig dog Sheriff goes against Leader he will be sent with gulag and dealt with.
 serves you right you great big homo
 Omg so much hate! Its not like its white people's fault they're racist!
 Yea fuck 'em -- let them starve or live a life of poverty ... or both!  If they really wanted to live in the first world they should've just gotten a high paying job from the get-go
 DAMN RIGHT YOU SHOULD YOU CONFORMIST!
 Yeah they should just bootstrap their way to success. Clearly if they can't break the cycle of poverty they're just lazy fucks right?
  Eye for an eye makes the whole world blind buddy. Try being the bigger man for once - it might go some way towards justifying that high horse you're on.   Yes. This person is on their high horse because they decided to respond to the initial outcry of  man-hating feminist . Fuck the feminazis and their high horses!
 This is bullshit! Macs don't get viruses!!!!!
 No  asexual ? Fuck this community then for excluding one orientation.
 Yo dawg I heard Big Ben broke his thumb and played through it. Cutler's a pussy!
 Imprisoned for 18 fucking years for selling the product of a plant to willing customers? Fucking RIDICULOUS!  A) We have a free market B) Government is awesome C)
 Nah I hate that shit.
 No see he said 'lol'. It's like a get out of jail free card for being a creepy asshole! You're obviously being too uptight lol.
 Because all cops are obviously white racist pigs.
 GOOGLE+ BUILT IN FUCKIN AWESOME!!!
 What? FUCK NO! You can't ask another man for an autograph for your nephew let alone want him to do well! Jennings #1 noncompetitive scrub!
 I can't make funny quote when drunk with my bros the movie sucks!
 By that logic you should just kill yourself and do us all a favor.
 Somethings is wrong in the world? No you're all crazy for thinking so! Damn Conspiracy theorists!
 Look the most important thing is that I'm able to get where I'm going as quickly as possible. I understand that you think you're important but what you don't understand is that you aren't me. I'm number one so I'm going to whip you to give myself an advantage even if it results in your death.  It may seem harsh but honestly you're a jerk and ugly and your Steam icon is stupid.
 Blah blah blah your mustache sucks... ummmm blah blah america sucks... yadda yadda yadda down with imperialists something like that
 I was at the game the Bruins fan behind me who was pretty obnoxious for the most part did have a *brilliant* comeback to that chant. It was along the lines of  hey now he's got 3 points he doesn't suck. BUT HE'S A FAGGOT.   Oh man +10 originality.
 I bet you're a liar. You seem like a shifty character to me.
 Yes you are right. Those multi-million population conglomerates do not want to eat. Fuck farming. Lets just starve.
 Problematic? Well fuck it then.
 they want you to stop being lazy and scan faster dammit!
 Oh that must mean he's fucking amazing defensively
 oh you poor bastard.
 Oh no the horror I bet you don't have fine china in a curio cabinet in your foyer you goddamn troglodyte.
 Way to spoil the show asshole.
 Brilliant! Now the homosexuals will be persecuted AND starve. Great going Britain!
 Welcome to the United States of the Rich.  Stfu all you commoner and get to work. No one in your govt gives a shit about you. They own your ass. Get in line and don't complain cause it you do you are a freedom hating communist socialist Muslim.
 Implying that he's gay and omgz that's so gross and shameful! Laugh at the angry creep who's secretly gay guize!!!
 Then start checking it more often shitlord!
 He likes gay people dude.  Can't you see!!!
 Fuck your math pragmatism economics.  Give me my free health care!
 When a girl gains weight its beyond her control. If a guy gains weight he's a fat slob pig and not worth it.
 TWO bedrooms?  Talk about luxury!  Cambodians and Mexicans sleep 12 to a room for fuck sake.
 kill the seals!
 1. open start 2. click game  Yeah that's pretty fucking non-functional alright!
 People who don't like what you like should be shot on the spot.
 Psh noob...i get kicked out of casinos with 0 luck!
 YES because the cure to bullshit is... MORE BULLSHIT!
 He called dibs on that shit.
 I didn't know having no life experiences meant you had a mental disease!  Wow!  brb telling some kindergardeners how much they suck!
 Women buy lots of shoes. It turns them into a screeching hormonal gold digging harpy sluts.
 And so kids Do not I repeat Do NOT blow the whistle. Just go with the flow and stay the fuck out of jail.
 2 Chainz four bracelets Let me see that ass clap standing ovation if yo girl dont swallow kids man dat hoe basic. Got two bitches wit me take a shot of one hoe using her friend for a chaser. (bands a make her buss it) Buss it (let me see you touch it) touch it money talk you aint got none end of discussion. (Bands a make her do it) Do it. (Pocket full of money) Money! Young nigga gettin head while tha engine runnin'. Errrr!! Let me see you wiggle do it for a real nigga. I be laughing to the bank all you do is giggle. Ballin in my coupe call it sports car Drop the top and freak the chick dat bitch looks like a porn star!   Read more: 2 CHAINZ - BANDS A MAKE HER DANCE (REMIX) LYRICS   2 Chainz is a lyrical genius.
 Of course you are. You're a bloody infidel.
 you racist!
 Die.
 Grad student paying for childcare. That fucking education addict how can she live with herself?
 Your gay.
 YOU TAKE THAT BACK ABOUT HONDA!! Just cuz we like big ass turbos loud blow off valves gawdy cheap ass rims and a loud exhaust doesn't mean were stupid. TO EACH HIS OWN RIGHT BRAH?
 Blue card does the most dmg you fking nub!
 Obama smoked pot. George W. Bush smoked pot. Clinton ate marijuana.  My governor Cuomo smoked pot.  My mayor Bloomberg smoked pot.  **BUT FUCK IF I WILL LET SOME POOR PERSON DO IT!**
 Go smoke some opium and eat some rice you damn Chinaman!
  Because dur patriarchy hurts men too now shut up and tell your little rapist to man up. LOL!!
 I don't make the headlines buddy. The drama makes the headlines.  Signed: give me a fucking break
 You're SICK! She's 16 and you think she's sexually attractive? You must have a mental disorder according to state and federal laws.
 OMG YOU IDIOT! It's *Let Me In*!
 Silly rabbit when a white man shoots something up it's because he's crazy not because ideology.
 DONT TELL ME TO ADAPT JUST NERF THIS OP SHIT!!!!
 Who would have thought?  They're violent hostile backward as shit have no respect for anything non-Islamic while demanding utmost respect for their culture and religion go completely berserk whenever someone makes a joke about their goatfucker pedophile prophet  commit tons of crimes especially rapes of white women and possibly worst of all they breed like termites.  I can't believe people don't have a higher opinion of them.
 Yeah Richie Blackmore and CCR don't have a clue how to write a decent song fuck knows how they became so famous.
 Oh wow I suddenly feel like Microsoft gives a fuck about the consumer.
 He cared enough to give you a warning. You're just an asshole owner who doesn't listen to warnings.
 Well that's OBVIOUSLY because your family has no idea how to spend money and you were too stupid to get roommates to share your expenses.  Jesus people it's not that hard to budget!
 The whole George Zimmerman thing happened. A Hispanic person got a gun and shot one black kid. That is obviously a much bigger issue than Mexican drug cartels running around killing other Mexicans and Americans with guns they got from o' so glorious BATF
 Because fuck you that's why.  No serious answer - you aren't fabulously wealthy and powerful and able to convince your buddies in the government to give you free money that you can then use to pay for their campaigns.  Get rich dumbass - everything's cheaper that way.
 You're right. We should stop giving insulin to diabetics also. Fuck maintenance drugs.
 Heh and Kentucky is full of backwards hicks.
 But you're the Devils you play the trap you boring trappers!
 'tards are dumb.
 No...shhhhhh...dont say anything that will go against the hivemind here.   Redditors obviously know ALL about this they have clearly studied nuclear physics for years since they say there is NO problem here.   No anyone who is worried that the molten nuclear fuel may still breach the outer containment is a fucking moron. Radiation isnt dangerous anyway! Its all around us! No no..there is NO problem here. All perfectly normal.
 Oh my the woman didn't take you seriously?!   What a harlot! Doesn't she know she's a foolish waif doomed to fail without your guidance?
 OMG WHAT BITCHES!
 Great just fucking great!  Like I don't waste enough time on here already!
 SHIT YEAH HERE'S MY MONEY
 PSSSH They don't make 2 dollar bills... That would be about as silly as a 1 dollar coin with a picture of a duck on it.
 At least YOU added something constructive to this  stupid discussion .
 I have you tagged as idiot......RES saves a lot of time. Looking at your post history I can't imagine why I did such a thing back then.
 And I'm sure he will appreciate being referred to as  The fucking GOVENATOR .
 And then you should die!
 Oh. My. God. A thousand times this. Happens too much. I'm helping him trying to give an implied smiteless or at least speed up his clear and the dumbass smites early and my auto gets it. I then never receive a gank the whole game and he proceeds to flame me the whole time. Noob Vayne took my blue. Wtf noob. You suck.   Vayne has such a small mana pool and weak early game junglers should give me blue from the start anyways. Bitch I'm entitled.
 Hmm the math doesn't check out.  I'm an excellent driver and everyone I've ever asked is an excellent driver.  It's apparently everyone else who drives like a fucking maniac.
 You're right how uneducated of me to assume that just because *that's what always fucking happens* that it'll happen again.
 yeah right messi's the best fuck all the other teams and players. every banner should be a messi banner
  Fuck me I'm all out of enemies  -Slipknot Spit it Out 1999
 I ain't falling for no psycho analysis bullshit. What me and my mom did wasn't nuthin.
 They think that having the best LCS record of all time makes them good. Fuck them and their cockiness.
 Oh...he's an  I can fuck for hours  guy. Cause you know women love a good chaffing.
 Damn right only white heterosexual couples couple be allowed to marry.
 Fucking Obama commie socialist we don't need to stinkin' education on handling dangerous possessions!
 WHAT?  how do you know it's not 2 guys?! freaking sexest. you hate gays.
 well fuck me nobody saw that coming!
 Put them on your boobs ... Everyone will just smile and you'll have your hands full
 But then I cant look like a retard and take pictures with my big ass tablet.
 **BABY KILLER!!!**
 Damn liberal college professors.
 Dude world maps are hard.  You have to make decisions about where to go and what town to visit or revisit next.  Fuck that hallways always.
 Man he sure must be an asshole let's hate him some more!
 *Check your privelege homophobe shitlord! Straight men can act however they want and be totally not judged for it but yet you still oppress those fags whenever they're walking past you on the street!*
 my sign is Jesus! Take that heathen scum!
 no they're like vaginas they stretch out the more you have sex
 Well I hate food and this makes me rather bitter and disenfranchised.  Fuck fruit.  Honestly.
 You molested a kid? Why yes let me get right on making sure you dont get raped
 These fucking facists police have no right to deny that man a ride on their horses (That his tax dollars pay for) just so they can hit on a woman while on duty.  It's sick.  They should be fired and get life in prison without parole.
 As if  Swag  is any more ridiculous than any of the hundreds of slang words the internet over-uses every fucking day.  mfw words are only annoying when they're said by a group of people that aren't as brilliant and logical as the internet community
 You could be a hero too if you werent such a **GOD DAMNED COMMIE**!
 Pundits are evil lets kill them all.
 Kill ALL extemists!
 Those bastards!
 what if your owner just has a REALLY big couch? now wouldn't you feel stupid?
 Jonah Hill getting raped by a demon is hilarious! Its sooooo funnY!!!!! XDXDXD
 But... men are fucking each other in the ass in the privacy of their own bedrooms! It's an abomination! *rant rant rant*!
 Well of course he's against feminism he's a rapist!
 *trans-gender-queer* you cis-normal shitlord whiteknightTM!
 Uh no. Didn't you hear it was done by the Gov'ment? Stupid sheeple.
 Duh. Everyone knows you get a 14 day trial period when entering a relationship. You're free to fuck anything and everything you want to make sure there is no buyer's remorse! Oh only she's allowed to that of course.
 What are you retarded? Everyone knows you're supposed to crucify the pumpkin next so your neighbours know that you like god too. It also scares away brown people!
 Yes! Also hanging your toilet paper in an underhand fashion makes you a rape supporter. Confess! CONFESS!!!!!
 Fuck it I'm starting a new website called DreadItt.  We'll be really high on ourselves discussing 5 year old PERL codes till people from Digg and Reddit ruin it and we'll bitch about it there too.  It'll be so awesome I'm going to shit my pants with the fury of a thousand black holes.
 Ooh I bet you're a real badass.
 Ruin a child's life 6 years in prison. Admit to it 3 years. Sounds like a fair fucking sentence to me.
 His fault for being a rapist
 PRIME/ Mouz wins the TEAMLIQUID StarLeague.  GET FUCKED TL
 Damn Queen Jenna and her treaty how dare she.
 THIS IS SO WTF!! I MEAN I ONCE ALSO SAW A FUNNY YOUTUBE COMMENT! WTF!?!?!
 Yeah...who are *they* to have problems anyway?  Fuck 'em right? They're barely even *human*.
 But you don't pass up on the Sex Cannon.
 That sucks ass dude. I didn't think anyone was supposed to smile in their i.d. photos for fear of not being able to id someone. What are they thinking? Only terrorists smile?! Stupid.  My question: Do you think you'll ever live down your name and have you ever considered changing it to something a bit more  American ...?  - You'd make a good Bob I think.
 Yeah! *Fuck* yeah! First time with your cousin! Yeah bro! That's the healthiest thing ever!
 WHO THE FUCK CARES?! They're dirty little Jews and have no place in Israel that they STOLE. I hear Antarctica is uninhabited for the most part and has no human furnaces.
 HA HA pretending someone's gay is hilarious because being gay is totally something to make fun of.
 Yep it soo funny when you prank your mother one of the only people in the world who give a flying shit about your well-being. yep your sooo cool for making your mum worry!  YOLO Sw4G4Lyfe right?
 Gotta check your right-handed privilege shitlords!
 I'm glad we're at a point where gay rape is funny.
 You mean your parents didn't give you a Rolex when you graduated from Junior High? Ugh!!!!
 You mean Smith couldn't have just wanted to Fuck others besides his wife? Of course he wasn't in it for sex just babies!
 Yeah I should be able to beat the shit out of my 2 year old! He cries too much! I'm his dad goddammit it's my right!
 I gave a blowjob for $50000 dollars.
 You only live once so let's get out there and increase our chances of an early death!  Fuck that you only live once so let's stay inside and attempt to live as long as possible.
 Kick them when they're down that will teach them to be poor. Come on you lazy bastards get better jobs.
 Yeah because making fun of something that ruins peoples lives is totally fine right!? Who gives a shit about girls who have been raped its just a joke lighten up!!!!
 Bioshock Infinite was racist!!
 YEAH WHAT A BITCH
 Yeah kids don't usually do stupid shit. We should kill this one before it spreads.
 And this is not in any way related to the SomethingAwful faggots making Reddit Admins their bitches.
 Dude  he said nigger.
 LOL IT'S FUNNY BECAUSE THAT'S ACTUALLY WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN IN THE FUTURE EVERYONE BUT US IS STUPID
 Your outlook is foreign to me.  This is reddit don't you mean  Don't stick your dick in crazy ?
 Wow she made a funny face that is totally wtf...
 Human prosperity is selfish and evil.  We're using up the planet and should go back to living in grass huts.
 Because girls don't become gay when their boobs touch.
 You don't understand! She clawed her way through 12 foot tall waves of dicks and balls and was sexually harassed and almost raped(TM) the entire way!
 They're playing the Nigger Lottery. Shocking.
 Yes this man is literally just as bad as a child rapist.  literally.  In fact they are all literally Hitler literally.
 The trick is that he got the balls to stay still on such a crooked table.
 All lurkers are scum
 lol omg u so funneh.
 Once his balls drop he's gonna get so much tail!
 I know right?   If you're gonna be a bitch at least be hot.
 Yes it is you RACIST!!
 You guys you're not getting the point. It's funny because rape.
 Well damn the cassette?  Shucks I have no way to digitize it or I would!
 But it's such a pimp Dodge Stratus!
 Big pat on the back for not withholding sex from your bf!
 No you see this is a *female*. She's obviously just doing this for attention. MY PENIS WILL NOT STAND FOR THIS.
 He throws a nigga randomly in there too... Thats how you know he's hood.
 Really Calvinists huh? Yeh that John Piper man he is such a jerk right.
 Yeah the peer review process is *much* more likely to fail when a stupid woman or muslin is doing the study.
 Yeah what a dick
 I call bullshit.  I bet you love running around looking pretty.
 incredible success in producing teen girls that don't ask you to put a condom on booyah!!
 yeah lets keep sinking billions into a country that can and always has kicked the living fuck out of its neighbors there's no possible way that could ever contribute to our deficit  no i think illegal  beaners  crossing the mexico border cause waaaaaaay more damage to the us economy than a bunch of genocidal zionists
 But but but if an eleven year old sends pictures to a sexual predator it's totally their fault!
 Because they corrupt kids! Sex is not a natural thing but violence is duh!
 Stupid is right. Being in a public place doing something for your mother is way uncool.
 Sexual harassment is fine.. when women do it.   yay ! Feminism !
 Yea fuck the other people in the word. I only try to help numero uno. What was that Lassie? Timmy fell down a well? Tough shit Lassie. It's none of my business.
 No need to be racist faggot.
 Are you a member of a certain defunct political party? Yes or yes. You nazi scum.
 Yeah fuck any company for donating to charity to boost their own sales.
 Oh my word that's ridiculous. I mean everyone makes mistakes but take it like a man. Heaven forbid somebody is doing their job o.O I can't imagine the backlash those ignorant pigs deserve when they arrest someone who best their wife and kids! Or who murdered a few women! Hell that really is a bad cop right there. Punishing people for breaking the law? What a dick!
 Redditors are dicks...
 Holy fuck! The minimum wage in Norway is equivalent to $18.90/hour? Amazing! Surely their economy must be fucked.
 Yeah that'll show them who's better than whom. Let's be huge dicks to a stranger that was a huge dick to a stranger.
 Black people are more likely to be criminals. Therefore if a kid has a black parent and a white parent we should give the kid to the white parent. You wouldn't leave a kid with a criminal would you?
 I dunno wait till I send you a dick pic ;)
 You're not alone.  It's utter crap.  That second close up video with the audio composite was a dead giveaway..........oh but the OTHER videos are totally real yeeeeeaaah!!  for suuuuure!
 Such a troll.
 Isn't it fucking terrible that we don't let individuals do no work for a company for up to 3 years and still be paid by said company?
 Yeah bitch. Only queers gets tha chillz bitch.
 Hey you leave him alone.  When we had fun as kids that was *completely* different than the stupid shit kids do these days.  Our ways of having fun were real fun not stupid kid stuff.  Sure old people didn't like it but that's because they're stupid.  We're older than these dumb kids and that makes them stupid too.  Writing notes that look like texts on a phone is so stupid it makes my brain hurt.  At least we were clever when we made fart noises at inappropriate times or coughed to cover up insults.  We were clever; kids these days are dumb.
 No if you're not Diamond 1 you're trash.
 Omg ignorant.  That is so white and genocidal of you.
 I bet the drivers got paid for this. They want to be paid extra for doing the job you they were hired for? Greedy little buggers aren't they. It's the 21st century. Where aren't the driverless trains? How dare we expect them to do their jobs when they may actually be busy at work? What the fuck? They should be happy there will be lots of overtime.  In before the moany fucks spout the same old rhetoric.
 They probably don't.  They grow up fucked up and end up in jail or addicted to drugs and we all get to feel better when we look down on them.  It's a near perfect system.
 The other day my dog was having trouble getting the last of his poop out.  I had to pull shit out of my dog's ass just as a dude was walking by.  That was fun.
 But but but emotionless paedo rape glaaaare!
 He's grilling for strangers? What a dick!
 * SRS subreddit * without the crazy  Pick one. Also  crazy  is ableist language you jerk.
 Get your sense out of here its obvious we're dealing with blood crazed psychopaths. My feelings are hurt about cute little animals dieing even though they'll only be cute when they're young and afterwards I won't give a flying fuck about what happens to em as long as I get my hamburger. It is sickening to think that people in a most likely rural area have access to anything dead. Why don't they just buy the beef from a grocery store where no animals are hurt.
 Actually if you want sex you're a rapist. You're just too privileged to know it.
 I just buy the game to pick up hookers and beat them senseless and steal their money.
 Yup. Because you need a bill to be passed in congress before you get off your ass and apply yourself.
 Oh no an unpopular opinion down vote the shit out of him!
 RAPE ISN'T FUNNY YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF
 Yeah all the crimes you assholes commit and get away with have nothing to do with it whatsoever.
 OMG they are just like us!  DAMN.
  Dad I'm only saying this 'cause I love you fuck you.    Anything else Dale?    No bon voyage have a great trip!
 You're just being rebellious and ignorant. Jesus still loves you.
 Ha! Da dollar store is fur poor people! I'll gladly go ta Wall-Mart to pay $6 fur a shitty plastic spatula than be caught at da dollar store.
 Don't worry you can have both! Possibly also encourajed by parental figures! Isn't that just the fucking best?
 KILLING COPS BY THE THOUSANDS IS OKAY BUT DON'T YOU DARE SHOW A PICTURE OF A BONG.
 Shut up Linux fanboy.
 No fuckin' clue.  Haha.  I'm pretty sure Jack Layton will win this one though.
 This man dislikes likes boobs everyone downvote him!
 wow op what a gg you are
 Or maybe a lot of people think WarPhalange is a piece of shit for faking cancer.  I must have HUNDREDS of accounts due to the amount of people calling him on his bullshit.  Nice to know you support faking cancer though.  That makes you such a great guy!
 You're a riot!
 Flat keyboards because who the fuck needs to type anyway right?
 Douche!
 Because of course anal sex is the default activity of male homosexuals
 ah louis CK the woman stereotyping guy with the skit about cinabons he nicknames  hot faggots    yeah sure nice guy. totally should listen to him on issues.
 Nah man you run a cult of devil worshipers.  D&amp;D is devil worship!
 Unless you're straight then you're getting all that yucky female smegma all over your junk. Gross right? We should start cutting off little girls' labias to fix that.
 Oh fucking wow. I never noticed how similar did the Halo and Holo elements seemed similar
 YOU MEAN SOMEBODY TEASED A MAP BEFORE IT WAS RELEASED?! Holy shit! Next you're going to tell me ARGs exist!
 All cops are literally Hitler.
 Uh-oh you're fat shaming!
 Plus if he wasn't so liberal then I AM more fucking liberal than he was. So NANANANANNANANANAN!
 No but all poor on welfare are secritly zillionaires from drugs and crime!!!!!!11  Yes because if you're a criminal or drug dealer you just LOVE to bring US gov't attention on yourself everyone knows that
 You don't like a good cervix tickling? Its like dry sex in my opinion fantastic and the way its meant to be.
 Damn your girlfriend actually wants you to visit her while she's at college?
 No you're just an asshole. Accept and embrace it.
 AND medivacs. What the fuck was he thinking?
 Hell yeah i hope they ban all this trash
 you're all buried!
 SHH you'll ruin the jerk.
 Does this mean since you aren't carrying around as much weight... You are getting lazy? Put that weight back on slacker!
 Yeah damn nancy-boy afraid of a little HIV....
 You mean you DON'T describe your penis every opportunity you get? Weirdo.
 Tina Fey... She did almost a year long skit about running for Vice President as an out of touch failed governor who had this amazing ability to say the most ridiculous things every time she opened her mouth... Like that part where sh.....   What? Sarah Palin is a REAL PERSON? That wasn't Tina just doing a comedy piece? Mind blown!  Fool me once shame on... Shame on you. Fool me twice won't get fooled again.
 oh wow you are *such* a badass OP.
 But rape culture!!!!11   Oh yeah feminist theology isn't anti-male.
  Puppies can go to hell!    Pies can go to hell!    Foot-rubs can go to hell!    A/C on a hot Summer day can got to hell!    Suicide-bombing woman-stoning speech-hating infidel-beheading Muslims go to heaven...   I TOTALLY WANT THESE GUYS TO LIVE ON THE SAME PLANET WITH ME!!!
 if you don't like **the law** stop bitching and go move to another country!!
 You mean that considering the outcome of your actions makes you less of an asshole? No kidding?
 An Activision FPS that looks like utter fucking shit and appears to be stuck 15 years in the past on an outdated engine?   Say it ain't so!
 But she was black.
 Probably him.  And his mother.  And any brothers or sisters he might have.  And his dad's entire living family.  And any of his dad's friends.  Nah nevermind. Who the fuck cares that someone's dead OP was totally right in mocking this young kid's dead parent.  Granted OP didn't know.
 HAHAHA because if you're a jerk and a christian its because you're christian but if you're a nice guy and a christian its because you were a nice guy before christianity!
 Well maybe if you weren't such an uppity white kid rubbing it in his face you would've had a better outcome.
 GRAMMAR NAZI! SIEG HEIL! HEIL HITLER!
 yea damn fundies deserved it that'll show them!
 I REALLY WENT 'WHAT THE FUCK' AFTER SEEING THIS
 We all know you're a Lush shill! Don't try to hide it.
 RACIST!!!!!
 Wow. That is soooo sexist. It's just like the idea of a Lulu for men sexism! Stupid MRAs
 We've gotten are  service  out of you. so just kill your self. what ever you do don't kill a banker or a politician!
 This is dumb. If Herschel came back we wouldn't lose to Florida.  OP you suck.
 Curse you LIBERAL MEDIA.
 god you hocky fags are so polite you cant even post something without saying sorry
 This is stupid hungry is not an emotion
 Probably a rollerblader.  Didn't you know? The hardest thing about rollerblading is telling your parents that you're gay.
 How dare you discriminate against my wish to discriminate against you!!!
 Well when you use Democratic talking points like  latching on to Obama's cock   of course most people are going to think you're an extreme liberal.
 What the fuck. Normally soldier commanders are seen as soft nice hearted folk who care about everyone that signs up. The world as I know it is falling apart.
 Handshakes and hugs? More like SEXUAL ASSAULT.
 Haha what a stupid idea. I'm sure the shareholders would be very happy a psychopath is running their business.
 It's like making a lot of money and having sex with poor women.  It's not noble but it feels good and you prove to the world that you're a stud.
 Local laws don't matter when you're a pedophile you should know better shitlord.
 Yes.. lets cut away the largest mobile market demo.  Makes sense.  While we are at it lets cut away iPhone too because you know fuck those guys.    THEN Google will tremor and Microsoft will win.  Am I right guys? .. Guys?
 sell out!  what are you like trying to make money off your app or something? disgusting.
 cuz fuck going to live events like tournaments and promotions; people who stay at home should get the free goodies too!
 Yeah but..... this is Amerika god damn it!
  Moooooom he's threatening to track me down hang me and then piss on my graaaaaaave!
 wow! I have noticed this too!  I have to go round the paki shop on my own and put things in the basket just like I have to do at ASDA and Tesco!  Fucking weird or what? Why do I not have my own paki-wallah to pack my stuff for me?
 Yeah but it's easy to make fun of rednecks but making fun of any black people ever is inherently racist.
 Those face's put Onizuka's faces to shame damn!
 Shun the outsider!  SHUUUN!!!
 IT'S A RELIGION OF PEACE SHITLORDS!
 Yeah that Outkast sucks.
 Hahaha what a funny story! Man! Mo was such a prankster. :D He should join Kenny in Kenny vs Spenny and they should both get together...and sell Spenny as a slave!  HOW FUCKING HILARIOUS WOULD THAT BE!?
 I would assume it is rape all sex is rape.
 None! Go to the ER and get it written off to the government like a good poor person after it gets bad.(up to 80%) Then set up a payment plan!  Its too bad that you couldn't have say a $10 co-pay sponsored by Medicare that you already pay into so you can get preventive screenings and thus save money in the long run! But fuck you! You're Poor!
 Are you retarded? Because I feel like you almost have to be.  Organizing and determining a common goal are quite different.  It's pretty well fucking obvious that the movement organized itself just fine.  If it hadn't it never would have gotten bigger than 15 kids in some NYC park.  It successfully closed multiple ports instigated massive police action and became a national talking point.    But *you're right* they must not be very organized.
 Hey let's not stop there. The microscopic sperm that made up 50% of you probably passed through your father's urethra where it then met up with the other 50% of you in your mother's egg. You basically got somewhere between second and third base with your parents.
 It must frustrate you that liberals don't share the hate and haven't been calling for his impeachment since day 1. HOW VERY FUCKING UNPATRIOTIC OF US
 I am offended by you pushing your smug obnoxious attitude on my Reddit.
 Only black guy in lineup.  Gets hit.
 SHUT UP AND MAKE MY COFFEE
 TTHEN U MUST BE SO POOR LOL!!!11!!
 Nope the belief in christ makes you too stupid to be cool.
 Picking balls out the back of the net.
 It's the homosexuality that's abound!!
 You get that hippy bullshit out of here!
 Dox her and you're dead meat!
 Germany is a democratic country. Stop fucking limiting democracy to direct democracy.  Swiss system only works because it's a relatively small country with loads of tax haven money.  And even in Switzerland people make stupid decisions. Banning the construction of minarets. Yeah great democratic decision.
 Hilarious. Im drowning in a pool of piss
 No no no snipers need to dodge bullets and melee heavies and hack all the things in a fully defended base and never snipe past 100 meters or they're worthless pieces of shit.
 Remove the wolf from your name you put courage wolf to shame with your cowardice!
 badgets and trickets are useless without some l33t huge-ass banner showing them off in my forum sig
 You are butchering grammar! That's ILLEGAL!
 Has anyone ever told you how fucking awesome you are? Man seriously that's the greatest idea i've ever heard.
 Oh no you saw a convincing crossdresser! You better off yourself!
 holy crap lucky here is psychic! He can tell over the internet whether someone has spent any time studying a particular book or subject!
 Shut up the patriarchy gave you YOUR job.
 But it probably didn't hurt because women on average weigh less than men amirite?  Suck it up big guy!
 Check your history spam scum
 Collaborating with Hitler kicking out Holocaust refugees yeah!!
 THEY AVERTED THEIR EYES? Good God! We have a complete fucking crisis on our hands don't we!
 You can either be a liberal or you're a butthurt upper class yuppie. Simple.
 You thief! I knew atheists had no morals!
 It's funny because she's black.
 You mean I can't make a living using spotify as my sole income? Fuck that I quit music!
 Sounds like a ssociety on it's way to heck!  Dirty heathens!!!!!!!!
 Dammit you *know* they hate Krugman. He's such a lecherous liberal who hates success. Hard to blame them for it.
 It's funny because he's fat!
 You're goddamn right! They OWE me a signature and a picture!
 I completely agree. I don't understand what growth really means for a company like McDonalds. They are at every exit across the country. Just calm the fuck down appreciate making a profit and pay people what they should be paid. Stop nickle and diming your employers to keep your stock up a few bucks; although the quarterly dividends are nice.
 He was bisexual. Get yo facts straight you queer.
 That's a really shitty situation man. But it serves you right for all of your reckless behaviour which caused your asthma.
 Yeah! They're saying Abate may have dislocated his shoulder what a pussy .
 Dude! Being fat is genetic you can prove it by observing all the fat people who drink diet soda.  You can't help being a fatty!!
 Ah I see. It is firangi bandars like you who are destroying Indian kulcha. In awar cuntree children born out wedlock are called bastards and neighbours point and talk. And you talking about cohabitation? Heh watching How I Met Your Mother too much? It has rotten your brian.
 Yeah because conservatives who watch FOX and would vote for Romney are ever likely to change because they're even thinking in the first place. And parents and grandparents listen like hell to the young people and don't think the young people are a bunch of idiots. And best of all big family fights are FUN and known to accomplish so much and improve things.
 I'm sure glad a violent criminal like yourself is off the streets.
 PTSD from too much Facebook. After spending hours liking your bestie's stupid cat video you'd throw Like into everything
 She's just asking to get raped!
 NO! I HATE THEM AND YOU'RE RETARDED TO HAVE FUN!
 LOL DOTA2 IS LITERALLY A COUNTERSTRIKE RIP OFF!
 [... Although it is the more boring one. Getting a fucking medal compared to ruling the galaxy is pretty meh at best.]
 12 hours of training!?! You Brits must suck at riding! All we Americans need is 10 minutes of training while driving around cones in a parking lot. Only losers take a motorcycle safety course here.
 You let Mordin die? YOU MONSTER HOW COULD YOU
 Well it is offensive to a lot of dumb asses watching Star Movies.
 Yeah. Completely fucked up. Last place I would want to live
 There's nothing racist going on in Arizona so just shut up!!
 Uh huh... and the sex part? This is GGGina after all.
 What? USA is **The Greatest Country On Earth!**      Go home to your liberal fish and chips and warm beer. Here in the real free world we are free to shoot hookers priests abortion doctors towelheads niggers wetbacks spinks tommies china-men and liberuls freedom hating cheese eating tofu digging French loving communist sucking scum!      And go tell your socialist communist nazi buddy Obummer that he can pry my enormous weapon collection from my super obese cold dead fat sausage fingers!
 C'mon bro. Have a few brews down at the bar. Fuckin rage man. Everyone knows THIS is truly the way to live life.  Everyone knows the faster you run on a treadmill the further you get. Just stay in place and keep jogging. Smoking pot will not help you at all. Taking a second to stop and really analyze your direction in life and perogtives is useless.  The faster you start ignoring your problems and taking depressants to dull the pain even though you don't know your doing it the faster you can ignore your kids start them as alcoholics and die. THAT'S the life.
 We'll miss your bitching and misspelling belieeve me.
 No no no. You're just confused. Gays don't really exist. It's all just a myth made up by the evil Jews to destroy good Christian societies.
 Now you just need 5 blitzcranks and you can all get a kill!
 Good thing you're not a real black guy! You're not black enough to lynch!
 Wow. Arrested development? You must be new to reddit. Reddit really fucking hates that show. Good luck with that.
 Yeah because fuck constructive community support right? Honestly babies should be learning to breathe a bit of smoke from a young age so they're better prepared for adult life.
 Wow cleaning a kill how wtf.
 YOU TWO STFU ABOUT BEING OVERLY HYPED!  WHERE THE LAKERS AT?!?
 lolol you're right! I totally forgot that simply elevating your permissions changes it from a broken piece of shit to a proper shell with flexible and robust tools!
 I think the Godfather discussion is hilarious. Personally I love the movie (and the 2nd one...the 3rd one was shit) and can't understand how someone *couldn't* love it. People who don't like it can't understand how someone *could* love it. You obviously didn't take from the movie what I did. So what you're allowed your opinion. Pro-Godfather-ers get so pissy with nonbelievers. It's not their fault they're heathens.
 Taking joy in the death of a mass murderer I guess you must be a terrible human being.
 Sure I'll laugh at your creation but if you think its okay to promote yourself here you must be off your god damn rocker
 Your just jealous that your mommy wont let you play real manly games like cod you noob.
 Well you're just a god darn outlier so nobody loves you!
 Don't wish him Merry Christmas you asshat!
 yeah just like banning atheists and homosexuals worked too.
 Never ride again.  Sit on your couch instead and get fat.
 Oh yeah a dick pick.  That absolutely has to work.  I mean let's face it the one thing every woman absolutely wants more than anything else is a dick pic.  She's just waiting for one so she can be overwhelmed by a picture of a dick and just have to have it.  Yes do that.  Report back on your outstanding success.
 The kid had an aggressive posture.  Clearly she was defending herself.  Expel that future rapist/abuser.
 Brilliant response. Hey everybody let's get this guy a peabody for best fucking comment!
 Boy I sure love Instagram. I can totally tell what the fuck is going on in this picture.  I can clearly see that thing she's holding. I can tell what's on her walls. I can even see if she's a girl and not a transvestite with a wig. All in clear detail.
 You are evil! How dare you suggest that?
 What? But *everyone* knows that fucking even consensual and within marriage is nothing but a show of male power! No woman would EVER want to do that voluntarily!
 Because atheists can't be douchebags.
 I've got issues with touch and I'm literally afraid of cuddling...  ...alpha as fuck.
 Enjoy your upvote and orangered for having more of a clue.  Do you suppose we'll see a thread filled with racial stereotypes about white people who're fucked up on drugs making over-the-top electronic music?  Gosh probably not.
 They need to get the AX men out there and harvest that sucker.
 Top Lithuanian Sniper my ass. He missed at least three headshots in that video.
 So what happens if you kick your toilet a few times? You're making the whole world sick!
 bullshit double standard: feminism is a real thing in academia and such MRA is met with cringe  so unfair! why is it called feminism not humanism?
 You didn't go out and beat defenseless people when you were a kid?  God What a loser.
 B-b-b-but I want my super liberal care bear points and you're being racist! *farts sunshine*
 Kobe missing All these fuking open shots....  I mean even i can make these
 Must be a typo everyone knows La Liga sucks outside of Barca and Real
 That's BS you are lying and are a terrorist
 Don't be silly everybody knows Bisexuals don't exist they are either straight girls after a guy's attention or a gay guys in denial.
 Wow I bet gay people have never thought about it that way you should pitch your opinion to them and make them straight which is much better!
 GEzus!!!! I assumed this **wasn't** NSFW. Do you know how much trouble I am in now for my stupidity?!  This title was **completely** ambiguous DougBolivar and should have had a tag!!!
 You don't get it.  White people **earned** their SS and medicare by working hard.
 Yep starving certainly puts you in a superior mental state for modern work.       Fuck how is this not a new trend yet?
 I love hear a smoker saying  Man.. I've had this cold for like months now   HMMMMMMMmm... I FUCKING WONDER WHY!!!?
 Dude the music industry fucking ruined your video (they weren't losing any money from 5 tracks on a home video they were just being dicks). What are you going to do about this? You're going to advertise the 5 tracks in question and tell us how awesome they are? Yeah! right! that'll teach them!
 Khalid Sheikh O'Donnell.  Are you some sort of homophobic racist or something?!
 I can't wait to live in a NAP-laden world where I can drunk drive to pick up my CP while harassing public servants in my fedora.
 Yea?  And when was this?  When she was a baby?  O yea that's right nothing ever fucking changes here.
 Also they should remove the metro cars from the tunnels in the winter and let cyclists ride there instead it would cost much less to operate and would enable year-long cycling on the island. This would be an immensely superior solution to the shoddy snow clearing on the city's bike lanes. But no not gonna happen because fuck cyclists.
 It was a clean hit so kind of stupid of Voracek. Also instigating with a visor and pulling Oleksy's jersey over his head really made it a worthwhile fight.
 No way it was Martin Luther King Jr. walking around with his dick out and  fuck white people  painted on his chest that did so very much for the civil rights movement.   Without this kind of shock protesting we would still be owning slaves.
 What a prick then for waiting while beautiful land is being turned to ugly ash animals are dying etc. Must all be because of original sin.
 You don't understand. When Americans say  nigger  it is racist. When Europeans say  niggabitch  it is cultural and trendy. Especially when seen in a hipster magazine focused on preteen fashion.
 Damn those baby boomers why are they all retiring now when they should be building our future for us!
 Because beating up Arabs is so much better.
 Aww you have such a terrible life.
 Fight Back! Use all your spare money to buy swaps against this traitor.
 I'd also like to say fuck you for getting that in an hour before I read this.  I obviously need to spend less time at the bar and more at home looking for comments on Reddit to make goofy remarks on.
 You're just being racist.
 Well you gotta make sure you don't catch the gay.
 Yeah guys let's kill some animals lol
 Oh no welfare recipients are using their new cell phones for job interviews! Lazy scum!
 People like you are the ones who give the dr. who fandom a horrible name.
 Then why are apes still around?  Checkmate atheists!
 and to top it all off you're probably going to hell!
 I am SHOCKED to see two Lakers fans defending Derick Fisher's awful pass.
 Either you get what the government gets or you're wildly out-classed. But making that argument half-assed makes absolutely no sense.   I don't even watch  the media.  I couldn't even tell you the age of the shooter or what his race was. I tune this shit out because I find the media is more offensive and gross these days than informative. But please tell me more about what I know that's the mark of a real intellect.   Why not give children the option to defend themselves! Let's get more guns in schools not less. That sounds like a brilliant fucking idea.
 Tubal pregnancy? Too fucking bad gonna have to die. Should have kept them legs closed.
 They suck? Take that back right now
 Sit down shut up and do what you're told Hounddogs.
 So? There are hundreds of thousands of girls and women who have had a child out of wedlock. Hundreds of thousands of woman who chose not to get married and fuck guys just because they feel like it. I never said I didn't think she was a hypocrite. I get that she is saying one thing and her whole image conflicts with that. It's ironic.   The argument you are really making is about how she is hypocritical. I agree with that. And it is still wrong to call her a slut. And if I am the only person on reddit who is offended by this then maybe there is a little bit of a sexism problem with this site. Huh... Funny I have never heard that argument before
 WTF! THIS IS SO WTF!
 Yeah and when a girl wears a short skirt she's just asking to get raped.
 Bro they need a different shape bro. If it's the same shape then it's totally stupid.
 Are you sure you didn't meant idiot's?
 So wait. She's pissed that her boyfriend cheated on her and she's ranting about it? Oh yeah... what a feminazi.
 17 year olds should all be kicked. they deserve it!!!
 OH SICK MOTHERBOARD DUDE!
 Omg my minecraft build is off by one block that makes my OCD kick in so hard. Sucks to have OCD lol.
 Yeah you gotta love date rape and roofies! Women have it so easy...
 Holy Crap You know what this means.  Sell your bitcoins now and then you can buy 30% more tomorrow!  What a bullet-proof way to make money and increase my holdings!   What could possibly go wrong?
 You're only a sexologist in order to tell people to not have sex ever duh.
 Yeah it is a silly trend. Why aren't we talking more about women? I mean hell we already have women's studies an entire ideology focused on women (feminism) women-only laws etc.  Fuck men. They are only good for their usefulness to society. Who the fuck cares about men.
 Unless you're an engineer you're absolutely worthless.
 Yeah.. how dare you enjoy yourself without her!!
 Of course the black guy is cracking down on slavery.
 Don't be silly if you don't have medical care it is your own fault and it is your duty to die asap.
 Black kid with a backpack...must be drugs.
 Geez why not just nationalize the fuckers too.  I mean after all it is your money right?
 Maybe because you're mindless Nintendo Fan Boy.
 Racist.
 Racist.
 They probably saw one isolated incident and then just applied that to all farmers.   Because clearly all farmers are stupid hicks who don't know how to tend to land.
 Racist.
 Racist.
 racist.
 Racist.
 Yeah! What is he thinking having a different opinion than my own?! What a douche!
 This must be to treat the depression you get after video games cause you to shoot up a school.
 Well it's better than the alternative which is blowing air out of my nose which means  Fuck you you could be mugged and I wouldn't bat an eyelash .
 Anderson is SO ducking Sonnen. He totally controls who he fights.
 TIL blacks are unskilled.
 put them all in jail!! that child is a druggie that is ruining the fabric of society!!!!!!
 STOP OPPRESSING HER WITH YOUR STEREOTYPES. SHE GETS LESS MEAT BECAUSE THE LUNCH SERVERS HATE HER CUS SHE IS A WOMAN
 aww man you learned why capitalism fundamentally is not sustainable better black bag you.
 No. Reagan invented AIDS and crack to get rid of gays and blacks duh.
 Third year anniversary and you're still a virgin? Shame on you.
 DON'T PUT THE FREAKING PUNCHLINE IN THE TITLE !!!!!!!1!!!!!1
 Gays are totally not oppressed and gay teens are totally not more likely to commit suicide or kicked out of their home at a higher rate than straight teens!!!11
 Yeah because if it doesn't have modern graphics it MUST SUCK AS A GAME!!!
 It is not possible to state opinions of others that you have heard and disclaim them as not your own. You have been here over a god damn year how have you not picked up on this fact of life?
 Dude Obama is such a good shot he shoots skeet with a rifle.
 See folks young black men get killed.  No reason to get all bent shape when a young black man is killed.
 Well you're obviously just homophobic.
 Cause everyone can just suck it up and make Depression go away right?
 She shouldn't have dressed so sexy if she didn't like rape
 You can pretend you're an artist but more sophisticated.  You can wear turtle necks or unique glasses without question.  You can be known for never being anywhere without a coffee.   In closing you're like James Bond but instead of having a license to kill you have a license to be an asshole.
 Unless you are hating bad or stupid or deluded people then it's OK.
 Oh of course! Cuz abortion is *murder* and unwanted children? Oh who gives a shit about unwanted kids.. God sez ALL babies are wanted by HIM. Just not you muggle.. getcher hands outta the cookie dough! Having a baybeeeee makes you a parenting expert just because you were in labor for 12 hours. TWELVE HOURS I said!!!
 STOP KARMA WHORING ON YOUR OWN CONTENT! JEEZ!
 It is clear. She got raped
 I'm going to upvote you because you're totally the stronger sex!
 Step back everybody this guy's a *real* badass.
 **OBAHAMAS AKBAR!** Good thing Dear Leader got rid of nasty old Mubarak &amp; Moammar things are much better now w/the Muzz Broz &amp; Ansar al-Sharia calling the shots.
 You're right. They should find some other magic way to make games other than money stupid Microsoft.
 Well of course a **socialist/fascist/nazi** propaganda outlet would say such a thing!!
 Not to mention a backcourt with Smush Parker. Kobe just piggy backed off him!
 You're just an internet bully...they're healthy and just so cute when they struggle to breath!
 Devils are clearly trying to get Kovalchuk into the Hart discussion by sucking as much as possible with him out...
 Check mate atheists!!!
 He wrote:  *Don't beat yourself up over checking out an underage girl (who presumably was pretty hot) from behind.* **Obviously don't pursue her** *but I don't think a natural momentary lapse of sexual inhibition is something to feel disgusted about.*  Yeah ... sounds like the words of a depraved rapist.
 Sue a corporation for your own stupidity and round off your trip with some casual racism.
 No no no you don't understand. Women they all act in a certain way mostly matching up with my idea of women which in turn is generated by sitcoms. In sitcoms women always come to the man with the problem and then the man fucks up trying to fix it. ERGO women only want sympathy and will rage out and kill you if you try to fix their problems - mostly because they're incapable of understanding your rationality because they're women.
 He's gonna kick both of our arses...right after he finishes his margarita!
 Yeah open up your mind and forbid gay marriage!
 Shhh Fandroids are on their way. You use common sense you must hate Android. Why do you not like what we like why???
 It means you hate Mormons
 You look like a cardboard cut out and that guy to your right is kinda creepy
 Compliment... Go back to school slacker.
 Omg mods suck lets rebel for our one click may mays
 Maybe you shouldn't have been such a jerk to the kid to deserve it
 Nah man. You aren't soley dedicated to one team and one team only to the day you die regardless of how shitty they are and what else is on tv or if a player you like goes to another team so you are a bandwagon fan.
 Youtube videos creates terrorist like video games creates serial killers.
 SILVERFISH HAXXS!!1!1!!
 Wow. I guess if you can't control everybody else you can keep your own people stupid. I hope it makes them feel better about things.   That just makes so much sense!
 Well bro if you can't beat them insult them and tell them to fuck off and hope it works.  It doesn't but thats because the patriarchy are keeping them down!
 Yeah it sucks that they pushed the MLB opening day back to June 26th this year and I can't believe the NBA and NHL playoffs wrapped up before the end of May this year!
 Well about 5 hours or so - but yeah that's really fucking close to forever.
 This is obviously the case. Homosexuals are always targeted by literally everyone else including other homosexuals.
 yeah you never see any girls with ridiculous fake hipster glasses and plaid shirts what's up with that?
 Oh damn.  I was going to vote for Romney but this article changed my mind.  Forget Benghazi.  Forget Fast and Furious.  Forget ObamaCare.  Romney running an ad like this makes me not want him to be President.  Let's go for four more years of leadership like we saw with the Benghazi attacks.   .
 Mostly the fully actualized human being has had sex and is thus obviously super-sinful.
 *You're not implying they are all playing us for fools are you!?*    Because I just couldn't live with that sort of reality...  I would be terribly upset and would have to resort to turning on the television and finding some sort of authority to assuage my ever-growing fear that ALL these fuckers are in it for themselves and their secret friends.
 Digg is Dead. Lets all have sex with the reddit alien? So is that going on....internet cockfest!
 Whatever pig. Keep telling yourself your doing the world a solid by arresting pot smokers and shroomerz. We all feel sooo much safer with you guys patrolling the Playa
 I'm sure this doesn't embarrass the shit out of her kids.
 But money and guns are evil!!!!!
 Pay with death for having stupid ideas?  Nice precedent you are trying to set up. Sounds like an *amazing* world to live in
 Are you trying to imply the visting team is all homosexuals?! Lawsuit!
 Smoking a dog? What a silly rumor!
 You are and you should be ashamed of yourself sir!
 The mom was obviously training her kids for being future murders.
 But...but... 2 chicks is hawt! 2 guys is icky!
 omg a mac user burn him!
 Americans don't want regular jobs. they have a feeling of entitlement and believe that they are owed something just for being born and showing up to work. try being a restaurant manager in Memphis TN and you'll know exactly what I mean. I'd pay like crazy if I could find anyone worth more than a plugged nickel. Oh you showed up to work high as shit and did a shit as job? you're right you do deserve a shit ton of money my apologies.
 in other words you don't know wtf you're talking about.   What a surprise.
 Yeah. You got it. Unfortunately I can't access the server management to enable the rotation for you all due to the fact my xbox freezes every time I try to use the server management option - fucking brilliant it is!
 One day we will invade you barbaric people and your destitute lands to liberate you from the shackles of the oppressive lack of an open Android Market.
 Couple of NFC Championship games 11 out of 14 seasons winning records.  Yeah dude sucks totally.  We should stick with Crennel.
 Who the hell wants to give up struggling?  It is the spice of life!
 Damn right it is!  After all he's the reason you're going to delete your OkC profile.  The least you could do is thank him for sweeping you off your feet.
 Yeah lets make fun of a fat lady on TV classic!
 Yep go educate yourself infidel.
 Cracker and honkey are literally as damaging as slurs against minority groups
 Do only what you can afford or shut up.  And don't remember to pull yourselves up by your bootstraps
 You monster
 but bush had GUANTANAMO!!! At least Obama only kills them with drone strikes.
 Yeah it sucks that they don't change their preferences to match yours when you refuse to match their preferences
 But he's a RACIST!
 Hey that guy is making minimum wage! He should be damn well happy that these kids are making messes in his store! It keeps him busy and less likely to be laid off! They should be thanking these kids for their jobs.
 Shenanigans...there are no black people on that show.
 Lol... you know now that I think about it some more... you're just soooo right. Maybe they should actually set up a Haitian tea party. That's exactly what they need right now. Fuck food pride medicine and all that... they definitely need some tax relief.
 Yes squash them! Let's start a unholy war!
 A race or culture was mentioned so he's obviously a soulless bigot.
 Let's blame 1.1 billion people for even a million Indian rapists.
 Damn looks like you'll have to keep looking over your shoulder.  They're out to get you you know!
 Yeah. I would much rather have someone smothering my every word with their furious rants on how dumb I am.
 IT S NOT TORTURE!!!  When will you all get this through your thick skulls?
 Good luck with that ya racist
 Good luck with that ya racist
 You are obliged to have sex with her regardless of her STD status.
 OH MY GOD THATS SO FUNNY.  ADOLESCENT GIRLS DONT UNDERSTAND COMPUTERS AS MUCH AS NERDS ON REDDIT DO!  LOLOLOLOLOLOL!!!!!  SO GOOD!
 Yeah but Tutu is a total fascist who has no idea what apartheid really means!
 Education? Because if you let men around young children they might sexually abuse them of course.
 Hay guys let me tell you why Islam is good and stuff. Okay so like if someone commits adultery since we are the religion of peace we stone them. Like totally fair right? As long as we can prove they fucked because you know that's such a horrible thing.  Also adultery and fornication are like totally different dude. Like in one instance when two people fuck you should kill them. But in another instance when two people fuck we should be merciful as the religion of peace and only give them 100 lashes. Oh praise Allah and his mercy.  Furthermore to subject women to more of our mercy we will force them to be examined by a doctor to determine if they are virgins. Because you know... When a doctor sticks his fingers up there and the girl doesn't want it its totally cool with Allah. But when two people consensually do the same thing its a crime that should be punished.   Also i want you to believe that in the Islamic world we only kill two or three women every 1400 years or so for doing something that most people do in the rest of the world on a daily basis. We have a spectacular record on woman's rights. We are a moderate peaceful rational loving society and i just don't understand how you can't see that.
 Ooh! How **dare** you be so sexist and politically incorrect.
 Silly that's just an old gravel road! Buy British Petroleum!
 What are you talking about? He doesn't have to be homosexual unless he **chooses** to be.
 Yeah you tell them! All men are evil rapists and literally none have ever had remorse after a situation like this. Not a single one. Because men are bad.
 They guy is being dramatic and romantic with you by going slow-mo and you ask him to leave you alone? Shame on you OP.
 My family in the southern West Bank was told yesterday that they are being kicked off their land because it was been declared a Military Training Zone.  Mind you this is on the Occupied side of the Green Line right next to a big fucking empty desert.  My family has been on this land for well over a hundred years and their possession of this land predates Israel and the Zionist movement.  My family doesn't launch rockets from this land doesn't attack Israel from this land or train militants yet it's cool to collectively punish them because you know Palestinians raising sheep are an existential threat to Israel.  Yea both sides are indefensible.
 Well its obviously your fault.  You saw her coming and hid what you knew she wanted.  You made the company discontinue her favorite fragrance just so she couldn't buy it.  You had a bunch in the back room but lied to her about it.  You wanted it all for yourself so you wouldn't sell it to her.  Also you're racist.
 Wow it was pesticides killing bees... what a shocker.
 Nice insult! You really showed him!
 HE'S NOT A PART OF THE MOB... BURN HIM!!
 Are you serious? I hate to break it to you but unless you and your loved ones don't consume any resources and don't produce any waste you are part of the cause of over-population.  But yeah fuck those people if they did not want to die from illness they should have been born in a rich country like us and not someplace so poor.
 A gasmask means you're corrupt.
 Yeah this is a women's sub. Men can't have opinions.  Get back in the garage and make me a bookshelf!
 Sounds silly and nonsexual.
 Yeah non public doesn't suck at all
 I had no idea Petraeus is such an anti-Semite!
 It's Digg! As loyal rabid reddit fanpersons we must boycott stuff!
 Obama was a lying boy!!!
  No homo  because God forbid the very thought of me being a homosexual should enter your thoughts!
 Plz scrub kill lei shin already. It's not like he's HARD or anything
 Whaaaaa? Now you're just talking crazy!
 Shush yourself! Obamacare is working!
 a great/amazing video. the amount of blacks you showed off was amazing.
 He's such a horrible guy it's easy to see why everyone hates him.
 Didn't Hitler collect and destroy Jews!?
 what a compelling argument surely you are living a superior way of life
 Wow dude a wet dirty lotus parked next to you.. must have been your lucky day!!
 Homosexuality leads to beastiality! This is proof whether the animals are real or not
 Hey my son was diagnosed with autism the day after we gave him his vaccinations! Now thanks to magnetic-bracelet faith-healing his aura is back in alignment with his biorhythm! You must be a pawn of Big Pharma. WAKE UP SHEEPLE!
 Bill Gates - lets make personal computers  Steve Jobs - lets make the cases black
 Hey guys! I hear you can catch herpes from toilet seats too!
 Oh noes! Not  evil socialism ?! Luckily Americans are selfish so that will never take off!  In other news glorious capitalism has recently abolished evil socialist policies like the fire brigade! Now when your house is on fire they'll check your credit rating before they put your house out then present you with a $15000 bill!  Why should people have to pay for anyone else's house burning down after all?  Stage 2 - Burn the public libraries!
 Well you are an evil gun-owner!
 More sex than you maybe. I pride myself on having more frequent sexual encounters than most smaller mammals.
 It's best when you are the first kill it gets
 But what will neighbors think? You just embarassed her before them. You're so selfish!
 And I'm going to remain willfully ignorant by calling you a Grammar Nazi instead of taking your corrections into consideration and learning from my mistakes!
 LOLOLLOL0L0lL0l  U WURK IN IT! Y DO U NEED A GUN?!?!?!?!11/!?! DONT U NO GUNZ KEEL BAYBAYS!?1/1?!
 Because this gun fits in your pocket so it will allow you to discreetly kill every one of your coworkers.
 Whoa didn't you know that women never falsely accuse men of rape! Stop being such a misogynist! Misandry don't real!!!
 Sex as a weapon is totally cool!
 Hahaha ignorant racism is so funny.
 Hey M4L. You're cute.  Haha. You gotta have sex with me now. No choice.
 Didn't you know? Men can't be sexually abused because men always want sex.
 Yes ZombieRapist you were obviously only twisted as a kid.
 Just imagine what my .177 BB can do to your insides! I will be like a pinball machine!
 But he can't be athletic he's white!
 As a douche that offends me.
 I hope you're happy with yourself!  We all know he killed himself.  it sounded super serious!
 *favorite* FTFY  God sum p33ple are so dum.
 No no no you got it all wrong. Work hard hard hard hard and harder still! Your employers need to get much more than what they pay you to stay profitable. If you don't makee enough money to make rent between your 4 minimum wage jobs just get 4 extra jobs or sign up for food stamps you lazy low class plebean. Sleep is for the weak!
 The officer was probably annoyed that he had to waste his time coming to tell kids not to skate somewhere when the property owner asked them to leave and after finally getting his point across he sees one kid give him the  like I give a fuck  smirk and takes him home to his parent so hopefully they take a step back and realize that their child is disrespectful towards authority figures... But yeah the officer was in the wrong and nobody should have been punished blah blah blah
 Because you're being punished for being an evil atheist.  Obviously.
 The bottlenecking has made trying to get out of the damned thing and go to work a real joy too
 America hasn't had a war reach our soil since WWII if you count Pearl Harbor. Since the Civil War if you don't count Pearl Harbor since they didnt  land troops .  It sounds nice in imagination land where people don't fucking die. Kids on reddit though what the fuck do they know about actual war. War is just something that happens off in distant savage lands not here in God's gift to the world.
 Yeah you got it. It's all the evil Republicans fault.
 But but holocaust....and...nazi's and Iran threatens peace!!!!
 And the hive mind strikes again.  How *dare* you criticize democrats!
 Worst keeper in La Liga imo. They should sack him.
 What?  The CEO  job creators  could NEVER do such a thing so you MUST be mistaken.   Only the 1% can create jobs and that's what they do!   I know it's true I heard it on FOX News! So just shut up your whining take a bath and get a job!
 Thats a lye your a rite-wing lier!
 Antisemitism!  Magnora is a holocaust denier!
 *Personal property. Gosh you're such a statist-capitalist-patriarchist-oppressor
 It's because spending millions and billions on new fighter jets and super-prisons to house all those unreported criminals costs too much gosh darn money to just **GIVE** it away to poor people.  Just work harder and you'll make more money!
 You're so right Microsoft totally hates fun.
 HAHA! Homophobia is funny!!
 Haha nice try Mac fanboy!!!  Clearly you ordered from a 2-bit operation.  Most pc makers will put the pieces together for you just like apple!
 Oh bro such badass skulls so cooool.
 Killing people not as bad as political posturing got it.
 Shu--shut up! I'm almost 7!
 Yeah!  And cigarette companies would never hide evidence from their own studies that showed cigarettes kill people!  Jeez.... there's no way doctors would have been involved in such a cover-up either!
 Sick Bro Why didn't you plasti dip it and put on Monster stickers ?
 You know who else put up billboards? Hitler!
 but amg there isn't a woman president in the US! it's proof of cisgender white male cispriviledge! you can't disprove it because you're a cisgener white male with cispriviledge!
 They're only overrated until I walk up to you in a crowded grocery store and ask you if I can fondle them. Apparently doing that makes ME weird and creepy and is just harassing you in a sexualized way.  I just want to put hands on them though. I don't understand why this is such a problem. WHY WONT YOU LET ME DO THAT?! AAAAAGH!!
 IKR?!  Child birth is *such* a pain.  They should go back to putting mothers to sleep as they gave birth.
 Back in my day if you didn't do X thing for free you had to clean the chimney out with your tongue!
 **NO YOU MUST BLAME THEM FOR ALL YOUR OWN FAILURES IT IS THE WAY OF LOL**
 Congrats! You can no longer work in Osaka public office or school. You are a gangster and member of anti-social groups wether you like it or not. You should not even go near any kids. Now cover that up.
 And if you're not mature enough to have sex but are morally corrupt enough to do it anyway a kid (or a back alley abortion that's likely to sterilize you for life) is a great punishment to mature you on up amirite?
 Yes with this neat weight reduction mod your motor revs faster and surprisingly this piston is still 100% balanced and within tolerance levels. I have 5 in my car (left the last one stock as a reminder to hurry the fuck up the demons of Hell are not far away..)
 BRB gonna slay some politicians with a bow and arrow old school yo.
 You sound like wunna those *rich* bastids frum Belmont. Ya bastid.
 Wait... My IT Dept head is a hacker...? What the hell?!? That didn't show up on the background check!!
 Because if you can't give all of your kids the latest apple product you are abusing them.
 Oh wow you sure shot me down with your insightful insults.
 100% of all serial killers have consumed water!!1!  100% of all people and animals who have drank water have died or will be dead in the future!!!1!  Water is an ingredient from several things from kool-aid to Antifreeze!!!!!1!!!!11! Coincidence? I think not!1!!  Water is H20 That is two Hydrogen!!!1! Hydrogen.......... as in Hydrogen BOMB!!!!1!!!!  WAKE UP SHEEPLE!!!1!
 Yeah but you didn't keep him alive which is your only job.   You are a feeder.
 Typical white guy comment
 I don't understand why people think Franklin dies if you pick C obviously it's not like he will pick up his own gun and shoot himself in his house.  [The rich cocky guy tells you that option C would require the 3 of you trying to defeat him and the other crews anyway]
 Dude you're leaking their *secret* transform!!!
 Oh yeah if you dislike most black folks but make a few exceptions then you're *definitely* not racist.
 Yeah. Screw you for using all the tools at your disposal!!
 I guess there is a rape culture after all.
 If by any chance you do get convicted or rape and get sent to jail when you come out you can actually rape her! Double jeopardy they can't charge you twice for the same crime!
 I think you're missing a macroline.
 Yh its clear that barca are the bigger and better team. We should learn our place and crawl back under our rock shrivell up and die whilst reminiscing of greatness leaving the future to those worthy.
 But no you're wrong. This is reddit! This is a gross over-exaggeration of force and they violated his rights and beat him!
 Good for you ... if you're straight. You're not gay are you? Not defiling the sanctity of marriage with homosexuality?
 Adam and Eve! Take your nudist propaganda with you!
 You don't want to be robbed and watch the proceeds squandered?  WHY DO YOU HATE THE POOR SO MUCH? I am poor and want your money spent on getting me a bike to rent with more of your money.
 ... You *don't* like Nickelback?   GTFO!  NOW!!!
 WTF?!
 That's gay brah.
 Thats because it didnt! Women never spermjack or lie about rape or do anything bad EVER!!
 I can't stand crushing people with my mind.  So annoying.
 It's a good thing there are no gay people who will be attending the Winter Olympics and FIFA World Cup in the coming years.
 Yeah shame on you for buying a Mac.
 She looks well she looks like a Glock. Congrats on acquiring a debilitating habit that will forever destroy your chances of wealth. Don't worry since you're an aggie I typed this out real slow so you can read it.
 Democrats hate this.
 So you don't show nudes huh?  Blocked.
 Also beating slaves was such a burden on slave owners it's amazing anybody had them!
 Why.   So because 1 guy doesn't ride a bike and 1 guy doesn't recycle his oil then the oil companies are within reason to make catastrophic mistakes? I'm fascinated by your argument.   Or maybe you're saying that since we use oil they will do as they do and make mistakes because they don't give a shit.   I didn't realize the oil companies poll oil users to see how effective we are at oil safety and economical responsibility so they can parallel our ignorance. Luckily (I'm basing your argument on this) they get to do much more damage than we can because they're just showing us what we are causing.
 You're wrong! Who taught you math!!!!
 I fully endorse your comment and believe all art is a waste of energy.
 Ouch. If it hurts too much burn them a bit more to kill the nerves
 no man all women are good for is sex! didn't you get the memo?
 Crocus *also* ate Robin's devil fruit.
 Fuck off you stupid son's of bitches.
 Fuck you Schmidt.
 Fucking atheists.
 Fucking asshole doing stupid shit like this INSTEAD OF FIXING THE DAMN GAME!
 Blind motherfuckers.
 What a fucking stupid question dumbass.
 Why don't you move the FUCK over and check your FUCKING privileged ciscum SHITlord!
 Fuck you!
 Fuckin nerd!!!
 Fucking hipsters.
 fuck you and shatap
 Oh no you made a fucking typo OP! Fuck you!
 Why don't you shut the fuck up asshole?
 Fuck you treehugger.
 how dare you be excited fucking idiot
 fuck off
 Hey fuck you fellow asshole.
 As an Australian fuck you and your country you fuckin' cunts.
 Fuck you.
 Yeah fuck this law and fuck christians!
 Because all of reddit besides you is one person.  Fuck bullies fuck fat people and fuck you.
 ENTERTAINMENT FUCKING SUCKS!!!!!!
 What the fuck. I submitted a comic just like this forever ago. Fuck you.
 Yeah! Exactly! Fuck you idiots who call this people and place Bombay! Britisher pig scum!
 Yeah fuck democracy and those stupid voters
 No fucking shit
 fucking commies
 You're fucking retarded. lol THIS GUY IS A PRO! You should ask for a refund.
 Fucking Europeans. All of them are racists.
 maan fuck you.. elitist ... scum
 Fucking commies.
 Psh...washing is so beta.  Fuck you white knight.
 Fucking hippy.
 Apollo... you fucking commie.
 Fuck you man I'm a nice guy. Prick.
 What a smooth motherfucker
 You're so stupid for not discussing this with him. How can you be so fucking dumb you ignoramus?
 Poverty?  Get a job you fucking dirty hippie!
 FUCK YOU BRO!
 Is she immature by fucking you?
 But but fuck America
 Fuck you! How dare you disagree!
 Fuck you and everything you stand for
 *fucking faggots git outta mah town!*
 Fuck you I got mine!
 Those niggers are really fucking shit up!!
 Fucking cis scum all up in this thread.
 ZAKU II MOTHERFUCKERS!!!
 Yeah pretty sure you're the only one you sick fuck.
 Yeah those fucking Russians didn't do shit amirite?
 FUCK YOU THE INTERNET IS SERIOUS BUSINESS!11!!!
 FUCK! TAGGED YOU YOU GOAT POSTING SON OF A BITCH. YOU FREAKING SCARED THE SHIT OUT OF ME D:
 Yeah? Well FUCK YOU.
 Fuck you and your preferences!
 fuck you and your empathy get out of here
 GO KILL YOURSELF DARKIEMCNIGG YOU RACIST SACK OF CRAP!
 Fuckin casuals
 Of course no one has considered that. You're obviously a lying passive-aggressive bitch. He should leave you and go fuck her anyway.
 fucking pinko commie
 How dare you ruin his Star Wars reference you mother fucker
 and if you don't take it as seriously as I do you are a complete asshole and should climb the largest nearby object and fuck off.
 Don't make me call PETA you sick fuck!
 Or that she fucks niggers.
 Yeah dude you're such a moron for finding out how big of an asshole this guy is.
 Fucking UN those anti-semites!
 Yep. Fuck literature.
 BOYFRIEND AND ME YOU STUPID FUCKER HOW THE FUCK COULD YOU POSSIBLY MAKE A MISTAKE WHAT ARE YOU HUMAN???
 Yeah stupid fucking kindergarteners its like their brains aren't fully developed or some shit
 As a Brit no we don't go fuck yourself.
 Fucking entitlements.
 Will smith is black you ignorant piece of shit.
 fuck fuck fuck fuck.  Karma please?
 DAE HATE COPS? LOLOLOL FUCKING PIGS LOL
 No fuck that. He fucked us over.
 fucking kids.....
 Fucking rich people.
 Fuck up Nemesis
 External power... c'mon Harvard step up your fucking game.
 And once you have 'em ... fuck you!!!
 What the fuck? Gwen Stacy dies? But she and Peter are so compatible!  Who kills her! I'll kill the bastard.
 You're a fucking badass.   Hey everybody! Watch out for this guy!!
 Yeah Ghandi was fucking retarded.
 because  YOURE A GODDAMNED IDIOT THAT HATES YOUR COUNTRY!?!  WHY DO YOU HATE THE TROOPS?!  MAYBE YOU DONT GIVE A FUCK ABOUT LAW ENFORCEMENT!  MAYBE YOU DONT CARE ABOUT HELPING THE PEOPLE THAT MAKE AMERICA GREAT YOU FUCKING KIDS MAKE ME SICK!  BEANER!
 Yeah! Fuck whitey!
 Dude you have no idea the shit this guy goes through his life is literally hell so stop being such an asshole
 shut it faggot.
 fuck you and i mean that in the most hateful way possible.
 It's  too far  you dumb English fuck.
 Fuck you for being a reasonable human being with reasonable likes. You are literally Hitler.
 Yeah he's fucking halirious
 Team America fuck yeah!
 You're a disgusting pig.
 Yeah dude you look fucking pissed
 Shutup! You suck as bad as digg and Jesus!!
 Sheeeit. It was Friday night? Fucking idiot was *begging* to be shot.
 I'LL FUCKING CUT YOU!!!
 did you let him top you fucking retard?
 Hey fuck you I got mine. Those kids are probably lazy.
 You're full of shit I don't believe you.
 America fuck yeah.
 Fucking monopoly money.
 Fucking plot holes man.
 IF I DON'T LIKE IT IT'S A GAY FAGGOT FEST! GAY FAGGOTS!
 Put a fucking shirt on Justin!
 You took a shit got drunk then made a comic? Fucking hilarious.
 Why?  Because FUCK YOU!  Thats why.
 That's right! Fuck your opinion and fuck you for putting it on your property! What do you think this is? Nazi Germany?
 Freedom fries motherfucker!
 Fuck those people and their success!
 Holy shit! you went from being a douchebag to a hipster.
 Why the fuck were you watching him traitor!
 America fuck ya!
 Oh you're friends with her then why haven't you fucked her? C'mon man you're a fucking pussy if she talks to you it means she wants to ride the ponysnake all the way to tuna town. Dude I know I smang like 40 sloots a weekend.
 Houston?  We drive here!  Those stupid hippies on their bikes need to cut their hair and get jobs!  Don't those critical mass spandex-wearing faggots ride bikes?  They're the ones that made me late to the bar last week!  Fuck them too!  Fuck all the bikes!
 Stop enjoying videos you faggot!!!
 Wow Xander is a fucking scrub.
 You're against profits! You're a communist rat! NOW WHERE THE FUCK IS MY SOCIAL SECURITY CHECK?!?!
 I know all these people are brainwashed little fucks for calling nazi grandparents bad people for being *fucking nazis*
 fuck people that are more successful than me!
 shut up you rapist you 'sexual predator'!!
 removed.  fuck da police
 Ahh artists interpretation. **FUCK YOU FOR FUCKING UP OUR ALIEN!**
 Yeah man it's so fucked up when a girl hangs out with you and talks to you but doesn't even want to fuck you!
 F*ck you hippie!  DRILL HERE DRILL NOW!
 Ohhh you got the devil in you now. You'll be gay soon and NPH will be fucking goats if we let this shit stand
 because FUCK YOUR COMMUNIST!  That's why.
 Fucking HTC where's my UV light?
 Stupid whores.
 Fuck the free market!
 fuck you blue lucian. black blue.
 Fuck you. AMD master race.
 Logical as fuck.
 FUCK THIS GUY. HE MADE A COOL SPREADSHEET. HE USED MATH. WHAT A FAGGOT.  TL;DR DOWNVOTED.
 FUCK! SIX SECONDS OF MY LIFE GONE SO THAT SOMEONE WHO ISN'T ME DIDN'T HAVE TO SUFFER. GOD DAMN LAZY FUCKS DON'T YOU SEE I NEEDED THAT TENTH OF A MINUTE!!!
 Fuck you for not signaling that you were going straight.
 No fuck that!
 Someone died that's fucking sad you heartless bastard!
 OH SHIT YO I HAVE THE TSM LOGO AS MY FLAIR MEANS I HATE CLG FUCK THEM
 Typo fuckface!
 In a case like this fuck it.
 I'm sick of fucking waiting for fucking things on reddit. Stop making me wait you fucking fuckwit even if you chose not to include  wait for it  in the fucking title I would be happier! Atleast then whilst watching the video it would feeling like  discovering  new shit instead of  waiting  for new shit you shitwit.
 Your infringing on my right to have this post above yours!!! Fucking fascist! Stop being above me!
 You'd kill someone while high?  Fuck no wonder this shit is illegal!
 But obviously he's still a shitty quarterback right guys? He fucking sucks put in Tyrod Taylor.
 Soundbites are an American tradition fuck you!
 Don't you know the internet is serious business!?! You think this is a fucking game???
 Well your opinion sucks!
 Because he is a fucking commie that's why
 What the fuck about Mussolini? Damn Italians always getting left outta history and shit.
 Haha fucking vegans are dumb. They are bad and we should ridicule them.
 Yeah this match looks fucking boring
 No man fuck you. you are clearly a leech on the system no matter what excuse you make up for.
 Fuck THAT SHIT have you ever seen that bass hunter music video about dota?
 Fuck yea racism!
 Oh you want to instigate a bunch of racist tea party idiots coming to Reddit to troll?   Great yeah let's fucking do it.
 Yeah! Fuck all this crap. It's worthless without pokemon.
 Work two full time jobs.  Fucking socialist.
 what the fuck?  fucking socialism.  I dont want to pay because some broke asshole ran out of gas or cant afford a car that works.  dont be poor.  this is 'Merica.
 Who the fuck swears on Reddit? Shit people grow up!
 America! Fuck yeah!
 Damn Albert Einstein is one hard motherfucker.
 I bet them honkey crackas looted the shit out of your town too fucking animals the lot of them
 Yeah! Fuck poor black kids who want to break the cycle!
 That's exactly what you should do.. Fuck off and die.
 Cause you know:  fuck actors for having a life other than sucking some peon's pencil dick.
 What hes trying to say is that they stole poro idea from runescape ducks. Because if you look closely they're both white.  FUCKING RIOT ALWAYS STEALING SHIT FROM OTHER GAMES.
 Because America.  Fuck yeah.
 Why you gotta fuck shit up for us? Now 7/11 is gonna start charging for that delicious shit.
 Yes stand your ground clearly applies in the case of kids TPing a tree you fucking twat.
 No fuck you I'm so offended your opinion differs I will NEVER get over it. ever.
 Because it's pretty much hacking only scum do it and I don't quite understand it so it must be fucking black magic or some shit.
 Stupid theist.
 wow. this thread is chock full of fucking mental giants.
 You are wrong asshole.
 What are you a submissive pussy or something? you should tell that bitch to shut up and take the garbage out herself.
 IT'S JUST A NEG BRAH DO YOU EVEN PUA? FUCKING AFC
 Fucking Hollywood.  Who cares about his opinion!?
 Don't make fun of his stutter asshole.
 No one gives a shit how smart you are cracker.
 Nahh it just means you're really slutty and will fuck anyone.
 I KNOW OMG WHAT A FUCKTARD.
 fUCK OUR lives man
 Homophobia is fuckin hilarious
 You're fucking hilarious.
 Yeah. Fuck rights.
 Yeah I bet it's a fucking goldmine.
 Whatever you probably deadlift sumo too fucking cheater.
 YOU SHUT YOUR WHORE MOUTH!
 ...but they said fuck.
 NIGGERFAGGOT!!
 Whay am I a scientist? Fuck that shit
 No its the stupid Gringos! All Gringos are stupid fat lazy Americans!
 WHY WOULD YOU LITERALLY ASK A QUESTION? WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU ASSHOLE?
 Yeah fuck learning from the bike community everybody should just pay a pro and shut the fuck up amirite?
 Yeah fuck disabled vets and old people who paid into SS.
 Wow fucking up someone's car.  How mature and manly of you.
 democracy fuck yeah!
 Unless you're well off.   Stupid lazy poor people getting sick.
 ARE YOU FUCKING HITLER2.0?! USING THE TERM SHITLORD IS MORBIDLY OFFENSIVE TO PEOPLE WHO CANT CONTROL THEIR BOWELS! CHECK YOUR POOP PRIVILEGE!
 The Gawker network doing something incredibly fucking stupid? I am shocked and appalled!
 Stupid dumb panicky housewives. So stupid and worthless.
 WTF people. It isn't scumbag to fuck someone's girlfriend right after they commit suicide? It is still fucked up even if they are dead. And don't tell me  well they don't care because they're dead.  Why not piss on their dead corpse after you're done while you're at it. They won't mind!
 Lol yah 100+ ibu beers... Fucking pussies
 Because fuck amputees! That's why.
 Yeah but you are rich which means you're a dick.
 Yeah - due process is fucking ridiculous.
 I know what type of an asshole goes and gets injured? Fucking dick. BTW I hope DRose takes his time returning he deserves it.
 OMG YOU DIDN'T OPEN MY DOOR AND PAY FOR MY DINNER YOU WORTHLESS SHIT!!1!.
 *She* broke up with *you*.  You are supposed to still have feeling for her and act like you care.  Now you have let her down.  Shame on you.  Men are such assholes.
 he would have ever guessed he was such a fucking slob?
 Because as a bisexual all I really want from every friend I have is to fuck them.
 More bombs!  Fuck yeah!  My stupid kid can beat up your honor student!
 OH SHIT. A WOMAN WITH OPINIONS. A WOMAN WHO THINKS YOU'RE AN ASSHOLE. ATTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK.
 but why dont you just fuck her i dont get it u gay bro?
 What a shitty boss giving you beats and all.
 'MURRIKA FUCK YEAH
 Na she is literally getting fucked for money by playing games she hates!
 Ya! Fuck you knowing things!
 Fuck those fundies with their archaic hateful messages like don't steal love thy neighbor and judge not lest ye be judged. Especially that last one - biggest crock of shit I've ever heard
 You mean the fat fuck Lebanon Levi isn't the badass everyone says he is?! Shocking.
 it's because they work 60x harder and have earned it you lazy fucks.
 w0w y0u fucking cunts i didnt deserve to get banned  fuck y0u fagg0ts w0w
 YEAH! FUCK HIM! GO GATORS!
 Because fuck the needy and poor.
 Wtf she doesn't even have gw pics! What a bitch!
 Respect your tolerance man.  fucking
 Fucking. Michael. Fuckface. Cera. I hate him I hate his face I hate the roles he continues to whore I hate the movies he's in I absolutely despise the dickbag for looking and acting like socially inept idiot. And yet girls love this jackass and quote shitty movies like every movie except Superbad (both not shitty and the one they don't memorize.) He is not cool. He is not funny. He is as aforementioned a fuckface.
 So Louie CK is a a goddamned communist job killer.  Just think about all the useless fucking middlemen standing in breadlines.
 It's funny coz bitches suck amirite?
 Fuck that shit. This is somebody's fault. I need a demon and I need it fucking ASAP.  Really shouldn't be needed but -
 I bet that guy has a big dick.
 Why aren't you tolerant of lactose you intolerant fuck?
 Your fiance is so lucky. You sound like a fuckin peach.
 Are you fucking kidding? Leave. Get out now.
 That will teach her a lesson.  These fucking criminals are the scum of the earth!
 God-damn PGI devs so fucking lazy.
  m ...? * M ...?!?!!* THE FUCK MAN FUCK YOU AND YOUR TYPOS.
 Oh no you fucking don't!  If we don't get to pull out because the majority of us don't like it then neither can you!
 Too bad those Afghans are a bunch of hackers.  They'd probably just kill you from across the town then tea bag you while talking about the time that Allah fucked your mom.
 Fuck you. This is AskReddit! So I will be posting questions here whenever shit goes bad with my girlfriend.
 What the fuck are you talking about? Anything discussing feelings is clearly a chick flick!
 'Murrika Fuck Yeah!
 You son of a bitch how dare you bring this trash here!
 Fuck yeah famous
 'Murica fuck yeah!
 Yeah cause business majors are all in the business of fucking people over with shitty products.
 Steve jobs is a dick? SHOCKER
 Yeah dude fuck problems.
 Dear World  Fuck you. We got the best country ever and yer just jealous. We're gonna bring freedom to you whether you want it or not. An' if you try to shoot us into space we're gonna kick yer ass inta next week. Sarah Palin kicks ass and knows about foreign policy and shit and with her in charge we're gonna kick them European wannabe liberal pansies out of the White House then we're comin' after yer skinny asses.  Fuck off and die  America
  Fucking idiot = abliest comment = gtfo
 why are so you intolerant you ASS
 Bro Trent Richardson did this first! Fuckin' copycats!
 Like that stupid Steve Jobs guy with his stupid iPhone.
 Obviously Because his stupid bitch mother forgot to buy more batteries for his Nintendo at the store uggghhh gawd she'll never under stand!!!
 Who gives a shit about the economy at large? As long as I get my money fuck everyone else
 Because I'm not losing because I suck it's everyone else's fucking fault!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
 That's offensive you ignorant asshole.
 But nasty chicken covered in bible verses is just so much to aspire for! Fuck morals I must have that greasy gross chickin!!!!1111
 HAHAHA a holocaust joke. Fucking hilarious.
 Fuck you got **rusty**
 FUCK /R/ATHEISM!!!! ITS SO HATEFUL TO CHRISTIANS!!!!!
 Yes.  This is why you dont take fucking punters so early. dear lord.
 Fuck it let's just throw him in the ocean.
 Yeah what the fuck did she do to earn our respect. She didn't even place GOLD in the Olympics..She's only the SECOND best gymnast in the world. Dumb Cunt.
 a reposter and a bruins fan op really sucks!
 why are you explaining your self like an asshole asshole :!
 your problem is a ridiculously low daily data cap (seriously who the fuck caps data per day?)  you shouldn't hate steam you should hate your moronic internet plan.   But yeah i also hate when steam provides updates for games
 It is a game invented by Snookie from Jersey Shore who is a dumb bitch.
 No because those whores can stop fucking at any time.
 Dude no. If your kid makes a mistake you're a shit parent. Your kid is not supposed to learn from his mistakes he's not even supposed to make any. You have to watch your child 24/7 like a fucking HAWK or you are a SHIT parent.
 'MURICA FUCK YEAH!
 WELL AREN'T YOU FUCKING SPECIAL
 Motherfucker he's got the sword the wrong way blade down blunts the blade.
 ...Yeah because its a fucking tumor in your brain. No one has died from those!
 Wow he's just so fucking special.
 Fuck you people are delusional for not agreeing with this guy!
 What?! You mean I can't blame other people for my parental shortcomings or the curiosity of my kid?! Fuck this!
 You know you live in a fucked up world when basically saying hello is now considered assault. By that logic the fuy who supposedly propositioned Rude Elevator Bitch should get lethal injection for his crime against humanity.
 This is stupid.  Guys are shown as sex symbols all the time!
 Wait! The rich mother fucker never carries money but has six apes with him and a bag man with the cash money!
 Dancin Hansen fuck it you got my last name anyway it's unguessable why
 Fuckin' Bertuzzi killing another career before it flourishes!
 BOYCOTT NOW OMG Blizzard is fucking over the game!!!!!!!!1111
 'merica !   Fuck Yeah !
 Yeah fuck people for trying to hold a job and get by while the unemployment rate is 8.2%!
 LOOK AT THAT FUCKIN HIPSTER WITH HIS RPUND GLASSES AND SO MUCH SWAG
 fucking conan o'brien wannabe
 NAH THATS FUCKIN WEIRD BRO
 haha fuck you innocent players and spectators! What better way to show my disgust at the government than by burning down my local team's stadium!
 DEMOCRATS: ALPHA AS FUCK
 Because she's a human being not cargo you fat-shaming shitlord!
 But we're pretty good at being a bunch fat fucks. You have to give us that!
 I don't give a fuck apocalypse is coming next year.
 YOU ARE SUCH A SHILL!!!
 your all faggits
 You don't take games seriously and use bad weapons to show your skill? You must suck donkey dick at life.
 GOSH.  Stop being such a DICK... You're giving us such a bad name!!!
 How the fuck are you going to crack your cranium by falling onto sand?  Yup helmet on the beach.  Absolutely necessary.
 This is America mother fucker. Don't tell me I can't use slurs. I don't listen to no niggers and no engines.
 But they say there's no God and THEY'RE RIGHT SO SHUT UP. FAITH IS ILLOGICAL I AM A ROBOT BEEP BOOP FUCK YOUR COUCH.
 Valve circlejerk fuck yeah!
 Rodriguez is such a cheat! He should have run over to the referee and and told him that he didn't earn the penalty! Fucking scum!
 You're not down to fuck he's not down to friend.  He's just keeping that shit 4hunna.
 No we obviously fucking can't you have chosen a different team from him so you are obviously sub-human scum that deserves to die in a fire. Don't ever meet him in person or he'll beat the shit out of you. It's nothing serious though just a bit of banter
 The ass is fat she must be black.
 Why isn't this meme dead?  Because fuck you that's why.
 BECAUSE AESOP ROCK IS UNORIGINAL AS FUCK!
 **WHAT. THE. FUCK. IS. WRONG WITH YOU??**  Use the spoiler tag you are ruining everything.
 Yeah fuck that guy.  AmIright?  Let this be a lesson.  You drive with a suspended license and/or have pot in your car you deserve to get your fucking dog  murdered.
 You like it when girls touch your dick? What the fuck is wrong with you?
 But she doesn't look sick she's fine slap her on the ass and tell her to suck it up.
 what the fuck is a duvet?
 **OH MY FUCKING GOD! A SHARK IN ITS NATURAL HABITAT. THIS IS SO WTF WORTHY**
 Goddamn you just don't fucking understand do you?  12.31+6 is so fucking hard shit man. I've dropped out of school I don't need EDUMACTION in me GAEMS.
 You don't like SRS?  WHY THE FUCK DO YOU LIKE PEDOPHILES AND RAPE SO MUCH????
 But I can't afford to drive something nice that has things I like so fuck him he is a huge douchebag.
 Not fucking anyone 14 or older is a 20th century invention. I guess the billions who lived before you including your family tree... are all just sick fucks. You I and everyone else are a product of sick fuckery
 **EA IS RUN BY A BUNCH OF HOMOPHOBIC NAZI COMMIES BURN THEM ALL! RAPE THEIR CHILDREN!**
 Those damned people walking with their pants slightly down! What the fuck is this? Communism? Shut. Them. Up.
 Because Metallica sucks lol
 Cuz lesbian on the radio is just the greatest fucking thing ever!
 You're an idiot. Clearly you're brown.
 NOW YOU KNOW WHERE ALL THE GOOD FISHING SPOTS ARE! YOU CHEATING BASTARD! WE WILL HAVE TO SPEND MILISECONDS PERHAPS EVEN 5 SECONDS AT MOST FINDING A POND! DON'T TRY TO GET OUT OF THIS PUNISHMENT YOU SICK FUCK!
 Fuck facts they are for sensible people right! You get it
 Circlejerks all around! Downvote this fucker burn him at the stake for not saying this game is a perfect 10!!!
 YEAH OLIVE GARDEN IS FUCKING AWFUL.  Real food aficionados go to The Macaroni Grill!!!!!!!
 **FUCK** your logic and rationalism. I just want to hate self-perceived jerkwads.
 Fuck Oscar Wilde. I bet he was a Linux user.
 Best idea ever!!! Lets put it in the Everglades!!!! Fuck nature!!!!
 HE'S AN AMERICAN HERO DAMN YOU. SHUT YER FILTHY MOUTH!
 Exactly God punishes the wicked with illness so fuck em!
 Because fuck you that's why.  /j
 If you aren'y working over 40 hours a week you are being fucking lazy. Get some work ethic.
 No man Hell doesn't exist! Fuck you! I can be perfectly euphoric in my fedora!
 Yeah she'll be *SUPER* happy you got fucked on Meth and tore it out of your face.
 I'd go over to Chicago to kick your ass but I don't feel like being stuck in traffic for 4 hours
 Because I got mine and fuck everybody else.
 id have to vomit while sobbing uncontrollably. that entire quest line was one of the stupidest fucking things in the entire game. i mean seriously its the fucking post-apocalypse and you have an underground railroad... for mother fucking robots? priorities anyone?  and thankfully you can do that quest pretty early and get the best gun in the vanilla game. that doesnt unbalance anything or make the game boring at all.
 That's right fucking black people they get *all* the advantages life has to offer. Us white people just cant get a break.
 Wait you're saying that 'you a stupid hoe you a you a stupid hoe' doesn't mean anything? This can't be true!
 Uses opera? Neckbeards don't have any money fuck that.
 Lesbians are just bisexuals who haven't had a good dick.
 Fak u faget you little shet twitch.
 Fucking hilarious. No one before you has suggested this before clearly you  are a master of comedy.
 Whoa these guys are soooo bad ass. Knocking shit over in a supermarket... whoaaa duuuude.
 I guess Robin Williams and Vin Diesel are fucking losers too.
 ...fucking poetry it's about unrequited love dying and shit.
 Just the fucking way I like it.
 FUCK YEAH MURICA. being serouis
 hahahaha fucking with animals is funny especially for karma!
 Yeah fuck all those pedestrians and other drivers! My broke ass whip had better be in my driveway when I wake up from my besotted blackout!
 Yeah if you're working hard to find a job but can't find one given the state of the economy *fuck you*.
 Yeah but you're not a Jew so shut the fuck up.  You're not important.
 Yeah because drinking totally makes you a bad person and condemns you to a life of shitty jobs.
 Damn you capitalism!
 Of course he does AMERICA FUCK YEAH!v
 Hey you know who I *does* fuck moms? YOUR MOM AHAHAHAH Im funny
 Crust or No Crust?  And DON'T FUCKING LIE!!!
 Yeah Root gaming sucks.
 BF2 with huge fucking flying bases that you have to infiltrate and blow up. That sounds terrible.
 Yeah he only threw for 3 TDs today.... fucking flacco sucks so goddamn hard.  16 for 21 wtf that's amateur bullshit.
 I dunno. Wanna fuck?
 **I will slaughter my laziness they way I slaughter brown people**
 Yeah cock measuring contest time bitches! Gives me a fucking raging hard Freedom Boner!!! USA USA USA!!!
 Kiss-ass!
 But don't you see the more I call you a faggot the less hurtful the word becomes for the real faggots? It's le logic!
 Yeah but he likes Jesus and unborn babies so fuck that guy right?
 Stupid fundie. God didn't make you bless or love him.
 Stop fucking start murdering.  It's the only moral thing to do!
 definitely FUCK THE WORLD if a little tick can cause paralsys of your brain
 When I was a kid I hated playing in the yards of kids who had dogs!   All you want to do is play football or whatever and you might step in a random shit at any moment?? Fucking awesome.
 You can't just freely speculate like this what the fuck
 Yeah! And fuck your opposition to HTML DRM and get a proper computer!
 Because fuck twilight that's why!
 NO!  People in cars never do anything wrong! It's those scumbag meth-addicted truckers just fucking with people for the hell of it.  Haven't you seen  Joyride ?  They're all insane!
 Hate the fucken street-dogs. Support Anna Hazare!
 How dare they give me free stuff! Assholes!!!1!
 If its a dude that means its a gay dude and everyone knows gay dudes don't have bad breakups they just gofrom sucking this cock to sucking that cock NBD.
 Maybe if she fucks a bunch of  bad boys  she'll grow up a little.
 Typical let me guess: All the girls will go for Hemsworth even though he likely is a jerk and won't settle down with them. Even though the other guy is likely a really nice guy they'll just reject him to break his heart.       Fuckin bitches.
 Yeah fuck people for having fetishes that you don't like right?
 WELL OBVIOUSLY GUN CRIME WILL SKY ROCKET AND THE CITY WILL FURTHER FALL INTO THE SHIT HOLE.
 You crazy feminist you !!
 7 units split between drones and units while being completely dependent on ability to hit injects properly.    Fucking imbalanced as shit.
 That is suspicious as fuck. Fly if you have nothing to hide. NSA is tracking you now.
 Yeah how dare he have a different worldview than us! Fuck him!
 Wake the fuck up people skin color is the most important factor in determining leadership!!!!    That and how much free stuff they give you!!!
 Yeah! Fuck developers! Why should they get any money for their work?
 Persian weapons of mass destruction *found* motherfuckers!
 Entitled to sleep in the park for free on my dime.  Fucking occupiers are swimming in undeserved free luxuries while the wall streeters are breaking their backs.
 If you aren't willing to lube up for the hater's gang-bang then fuck right off.
 The Holocaust is soooo fucking funny!
 Wait you mean to tell me that the Tea Party is nothing but a bunch of hypocrites?  No fucking way!
 Unless of course someone bothered to dig through and return the collar as a  Fuck you You can't do anything to me .  But you're right -- ALL your hunting comrades are as careful controlled and thoughtful as you are.
 Yeah fuck that guy for being tipsy and making a move on a girl he liked!
 At least you didn't shit yourself.
 holy shit
 The small dick/big truck thing NEVER gets old.
 Yeah! Fuck him for being happy!
  OH NO CENSORSHIP FUCK THIS FASCIST WEBSITE.
 Could be that you're just a worthless piece of shit. You should buy an iPhone at least it will make you feel like your life has somekind of meaning.
 Oh no! You countered my valid and logical argument by telling me to go fuck myself!  I am utterly defeated.
 Yeah according to the petition no one gives a fuck.
 THIS COMMUNITY IS GOING DOWNHILL! STUPID MODS GOSH!!
 Yeah how dare that motherfucker have a different opinion than you do.  You should have definitely vandalized his property.
 Like anyone is going to believe an anthropologist.  Obviously he is some left wing radical liberal pushing his homosexual agenda by digging a bunch of stupid facts and evidence.  Go to hell scientist!  No body wants to hear what you have to say!
 fucking socialized medicine!
 Yeah this game needs way more random fucking poles that will destroy you if you tap them going 3 mph.
 And yet those fuckers get away with drinking coffee and tea while teaching...
 durr you're dumb if you get upset at gg or ggwp in a stomp/DC game
 Ya fuck that kid for doing the right thing.
 Holy shit!  It's Bobby Orr and that guy from Mythbusters!!
 Because India is a complex beehive and China is a very simple system.  Fuckers don't even understand that much.
 Who the fuck is Mel Brooks?
 Wow look a racial supremacist who looks like a fuck ugly inbred what a shock!
 I came out of work to the white car up against my car. I park in that same spot every day. Why would you at least not backup a little bit? It's like they were saying  Fuck you I can do whatever the fuck I want.   So I threw a brick through his windshield and drove away.
 Hear that girls? If a guy does something nice for you you are pretty much expected to suck his dick.
 but don't come over in a boat or we'll tell you to fuck off cause we're full...
 Yeah man I fucking let my team know how much they fucking suck in a civilized and very polite manner and I'm rare. Everyone else is so critical of every minor mistake I ever make. I hope those fucking ragers learn a lesson from posts like these.
 I just hope they can't get a voter ID card because then that'd be fucken crazy...who let the crazy assholes vote to begin with!!!
 Agreed. Kids should never fucking hear the word Bucket. Shit I said Bucket. Twice.   It's important they ear-muff that shit 'cause words are bad and can harm your children. Just like sex and drug education. Don't say Pot until they're teenagers.
 You don't only make the laws personally you made the prices *so high* too don't you? Ugh. Stop fucking with my freedom you evil socialist pig.
 Look at you quoting laws and shit! Don't you know the whole point of anarchism is FUCK THE SYSTEM?
 Oh wow a generic lets play channel count me the fuck in
 I find it hilarious this comment gets 13 upvotes. He is basically saying that he should dictate how you play the game before you even get to enjoy it.   People that do spot in this game could tell you that even when you spot your r-tard teammates still manage to die at the hands of people that have been spotted. I see this all the fucking time with the MAV. But that doesn't matter. Let's keep up the fucking circlejerk against recons cause they are useless shit
 Fucking Obama. Now he's making it snow in Houston.
 Its LEGO. There is no s in LEGO. You are an idiot and should kill yourself.
 fuck it you are right lets fire every police officer that has never had to shoot their gun while patrolling.
 Yep. It's this game that made him kill kids. Oh and the gun too. All the fault lies in games and guns. They made him a crazy asshole.
 The dude's got an omni-blade. I sure wouldn't fuck with him.
 Yeah. That lucky motherfucker. I wish I was crippled too.
 Bitinstant fucks up in customer service shocker!
 Yeah but we won so fuck them.
 And Defiance.  That's a whole lotta fucking scifi.
 Hahaha what a loser. Years later and he still can't see? He's never going to make anything of his life. I mean shit I was looking at stuff at about a day old! I got shit done and started developing my muscles and then walking and before I knew it I was feeding myself and tying shoelaces! Damn lazy blind guy can't fucking see. What kinda bullshit is that?
 I bet life through your eyes is just absolutely fucking full of joy and wonder.
 Yea....**YOUR** so stupid.
 Damnit all you people do is bitch! There! Happy!?
 You are scum.
 Yay assholes.
 THANKS REFS FOR FUCKING UP ANOTHER ONE!
 I FUCKING TOLD YOU GUYS HE IS BASICALLY PRO GUN!
 The only real issues are evolution and abortion. Fuck the economy and fuck the wars.
 Yeah! why the fuck are people discussing this racing stuff anyway!
 OMG COD????????? UR SO GAY Y WUD U PLAY SUCK A BAD GAME. U R SUCH A DISGRACE TO THE GAMING COMMUNITY!!!!!!!
 That's stupid.  You should store your guns in your kid's hand.
 No you're absolutely wrong.  Did you not read the post you are replying to?  There is only ONE mother fucking way to make a hamburger it's meat salt and pepper and nothing else EVER!  If you do it any other way you're completely fucking wrong because there can only be one right way to do anything.
 wtf u cant have moderate opinions fuk u
 Well fuck those guys then...  right?
 Yeah fuck that guy. His contributions are completely meaningless now.
  Fuck the police
 You racist bigot how dare you question the validity of Black History month!!!
 Damn guess my semi-LDR is pointless - my SO's been fucking douches every other day cause that's how good SO's act the moment you take your eyes off them
 Man fuck you. I only read half your comment and you are judging me. Downvote!
 You're just trying to brag at how hot your girl is by showing a gif of another hot woman.    Good for you.  Lucky bastard. I hope she is crazy and pisses you off on the regular.
 I thin you mean  Aw FUCK!
 Yeah i do the same in school zones!  That'll teach those fucking kids!  Pickup trucks are BIGGER than children so they should give way - not my fault if they get hit!
 BECAUSE IT MEANS YOUR STUPID AND YOU HAVE BAD TASTE GAWD  Only like what I like cause I'm smart and sophisticated ya dumb bitch.
 Yeah I mean they're girls and he's a guy so they should obviously all be having sex with him. What bitches.
 Yes you're super selfish! Drive your own tank bro stop bossing people around! Who do you think you are? I'm playing the game **my way** maybe you're just too stupid to realise how skilled I am.
 no shit
 THEY'RE ALL UPSIDE DOWN AND SHIT
 No you're* gay!
 It's not their job to educate you shitlord!
 Because you do all those things to please *others* but when you get a tattoo you do it for *yourself*. Your life can't possibly mean anything if others don't think highly of you that you're  classy . Fuck what *you* want to look like!
 if I cant make PS2 a futuristic operation metro then the game sucks gg soe
 Damn fedora-wearing neckbearded shitlords!
 Pfft. White's are *never* victims of racism. Better check your fucking privilege shitlord.
 What a retarded pic. You don't understand OP's feelings at all you just sit in the back of your chair and pres Ctr+c and Ctr+v and think you saved a fucking live what a hero you are.  It doesn't work that way and people like you make me angry. Why the fuck would he do all that shit. He wants to die he doesn't give a shit about sharks terrorists or moving to barcelona. He lives through a daily hell on earth and his mind is fucking killing him. He needs psichiatric help not a fucking copypasta from an imageboard.  But you certainly feel very good don't you? you should be proud
 Trickle down economics is back in fashion?!  FUCK YEAH!
 RICCHAAAAAAAAAAAARD DAWKINS  SUCK IT ALL OF YOU
 Oh no people actually have to PLAY their games to earn rewards? fuck this valve sucks
 Nice try faggot nigger.
 Yeah those asshole artists can suck it. Those hardworking singers actors designers animators make up artists etc... can all go to hell.
 Awesome.  I will store my picks in this thing because I always lose my picks but of course will never lose this fucking thing.
 Fuckin' gobermant is controlling our minds with the clouds maaaaaan!!
 Can't believe Google is doing it. They fucking bombed Pearl Harbor after all!!!
 D'aaaawww... you went out like a little pussy with the slate-grey paint job.  Be a real motherfucker and get one with a neon paint job.
 But oh! Such a hole in morality. Shame on you.
 Yeah.  Stop filling r/pics up with this crap.  It's like fucking rage comics on r/funny
 You're such a fatist!
 I hope she wrote a song about your shitty service
 Because reasons and you're wrong and don't play the game correctly.  Fucking
 If you're lucky you'll get a blowjob from that post.
 No dude. Get in there and get everyone sick. Fuck them if I can't gain no one can.
 THE DISLIKE BAR IS THE SIZE OF BIEBER'S DICK!!!11!11  AM I FUNNY NOW?
 How fucking rude of you... there is a time and a place!
 Yeah? Well I'm the biggest motherfucking butt trumpet on the PLANET. Take THAT rec448.  I'll take Arma II and a 100 dollar Steam gift card please.
 I'm straight and fuck dead bodies all the time. Checkmate WND.
 Didn't you hear? IT MAKES YOU LEAK OUT YOUR ASS!!!!!111!!! No wonder you're so skinny!
 Yeah you sure showed him! Fucking theists thinking they can thank God on Facebook without retribution is bullshit. You gave him a fistful of Charles Darwin logic! Fuck yeah! Evolutionary five-fingered fist bump.
 Fucking awesome title OP
 Oh my GOD what a waste of 20 minutes! Fuck that kid for wanting to learn stuff.
 Shut your bong hole hippie!
 Yeah man fuck those summerfags! I'm so much smarter than them.
 you just had a mental rape! you animal!
 cus you aint supposed to be reading stories bout people fucking 'till your 18
 USA #1! Fuck Yeah!
 I can totally 'cure' you by sending you an unsolicited dick pic !
 Yeah fuck shop owners for not wanting to break the law.
 NO!!!!! I'm so fucking shocked!!!!!!
 Allergies are a bitch.
 yean fuck the trees and the treehuggers living in topanga! pave the whole fucking world! maybe we can use the trees we cut down to fuel our cars!
 They took away Downton Abbey?!??!? Everyone hold the fuck up while I go cancel my subscription!!!
 What!  Are you bringing class warfare into this?!?!?!  You are disgusting you commie pinko pig!
 Shut up nerd.
 Yeah. When Christians do something nice they should shut the fuck up about it.
 i like how throwing spinning back fits leg body head kicks jabs hooks and flying knees means you are running away.   why was Diaz such a bitch and not just go full Wandi on Condit and KO him? what a pussy for just slowly walking forward.
 What is this hipster shit.
 Yeah man fuck responsibility.
 Damn you.
 Damn papists!
 He does????  Fuck how do I delete my post???
 DAMN CRAZY AMERICANS!!
 YOU ARE A RACIST !!!!!1
 shit my bad
 Yeah no way racial profiling by a racist fuck with a gun had anything to do with it!
 Olaf is still a bitch.
 You're a shitty person OP. How dare you block that man? All he wanted was for you to dump your boyfriend so you could be with him.
 OMG RIOT PLS WTF IS THIS WHY YOU HATE US ALL GG RIOT
 Oh yeah it's pretty much known ALL Italian gamers are like that. All Americans are Fat All Englishmans hates Irish &amp; French Every black person is stupid.
 Bullshit.  We all know you damn cheeseheads are drunk 24/7.
 THAT IS FUCKING CLEVER.
 Is too! Where do you think they print all that money!?! GOD YOU'RE SO STUPID!
 Didn't you get the memo if you play for United and don't move around like Iniesta you're automatically shit.
 Stop trying to defend the OPs blatant racism. I'm sick of all these fucking posts asking black people their opinions. What about white people where are the posts aimed at us. Reddit is turning into the fucking NAACP and I'm not racist I know black people and I enjoy fried chicken and watermelon just as much as them.
 Yeah because dressing a pillow up like your ex isn't creepy as fuck at all totally funny
 No threat at all fuck off hitting it to Williamson at the back post was thrilling I watched every game with anticipation of the big man smashing the ball goalwards.
 Fucking women...How do they work?
 Fucking jokes. How do they work?
 Bitch better get back in the kitchen
 Fuck ya negligent homicide is what separates the men from the boys!
 I know man. I can't believe they keep posting Jennifer Lawrence with her you know perky tits cute nose tight ass and amazing curves. She's fucking disgusting.   0/10 would not hit!
 Shoulda been born rich!   Stupid liberals!
 Fuck you Canadians are too nice to be mad at!   Even though that game was a joke ref was a jackass.   But wait you personally didn't have anything to do with that? I thought everybody in Canada worked at every hockey match
 Yea! Everyone should have basic white suburban names! Fuck diversity
 I hate it when people use barbed wire appropriately.  Fuckers!
 *Tell your nephew to learn his fucking Star Wars characters. I'm not looking for the name of Naga Sadow an explanation of how Boba Fett survived the Sarlacc Pit or what look can 'bulls eye womp rats off the back of'. It's fucking Yoda and Wickett. Get that kid educated so he survives in the **REAL WORLD***
 Hey asshole! Stop making rational judgements! Scram!
 SHUT UP ZIONIST SCUM
 Too late he has spoken on behalf of the packers fan base. You guys are idiots
 Yeah!  It's completely fucking awesome to carve up your own flesh in ornamental ways. Anyone who doesn't see it the way is a judgemental prick run by the man. Who needs a personality or therapy when you can pay someone to cut you! I DON'T LISTEN TO YOUR SOCIETY!!!
 Yeah but these are straight white cismales so they can go fuck themselves.
 That stupid idiot! Circumcision is awesome! A rabbi ripped off half my dick and I can still procreate just fine!
 Yeah fuck those pbkac guys! More like pbcock amirite?!
 Except in snow. Then I can drive however the fuck I want with no repercussions because I have a truck yo.
 Yeah but they seriously fucked up the Nexus 4 release. *unforgivable*
 Nah fuck that: I like my emotions untouched by all humans!
 Your such an evil man! How dare you pity them its people like you that is destroying our world!
 You cruel bastard. All he wants to do is fish and you taunt him by showing him a lake house. How could you?
 What do you mean?    This is drive by fuck you.    I know you didn't mean THAT was cringe material.
 Why are you asking such a supid question? You must be dumb!
 That's cause Apple is evil fuck Apple.
 DOWNVOTE THIS REASONABLE MOTHERFUCKER
 HAHAHAHA!!!!! So fucking funny
 You're obviously a very kind individual willing to see things from different points of view. You're totally not strawmanning everything I say twisting it as if it said different things being an asshole about it who has no idea what the fuck he's talking about just to play offended on the internet.
 Embarrasing US news media of course! Those fucking jihadists!
 You know it's YOUR fault that men are sexist assholes because you decide to form a team of women!  You caused sexism!!!!
 Dude did you not catch that he's using a hidden folder? I mean come on guy a fucking *hidden folder*. That shit is unbreachable.
 Yeah fuck Emery reaching.
 Yeah fuck charities they don't do any good
 Black guy here  Yea you crackers do all look alike.
 Hey bit aside Jordan has got some fucking great Kardsashian joke material.
 Who the fuck is Sloane? Good journalism.
  FUCK YEA! My plans for the evening are fucked and now I'm in an awkward situation where I HAVE to let someone down thanks to my GF passive-aggressively forcing herself in to my home when I was busy. AWESOME (I'm-fucked-five)!  There's your excitement.
 Magnets! How the fuck do they work?!?
 Yeah fuck those dummies that are trying to improve their lives.
 Wait but how can she be a cam girl if her computer sucks!? She might not be telling you the truth.....
 Wow! Stop the fucking press! What an incredible discovery that no one has ever noticed before. So glad this kind of worthless shit keeps turning up all the time.
 shitty.
  God loves all of you   Yeah fuck that guy. What a hate mongerer.
 Yeah. Take that you stupid healthy hippies!
 thats right my gay nigger bitch..9gag is teh wurst.
 Ahaha he hates his wife who puts up with his shit. Hilarious.
 Let me tell you the muslim extremists are way fucking out of hand here in Oklahoma.
 Because you are a bunch of pussy who didn't burn any car yet !
 Are you stupid? It comes from the supermarket DUH!
 Repost not a gif OP is a faggot
 Fuck yeah! That'll show them for calling us immature!
 Didn't you know? Disney and Warner Brothers are the creepiest fuckers out there. Can't give them any money because they're all a bunch of creepy furries. Also Ninja Turtles.
 Oh you're such an Obama hater!
 Unless you have a monster truck.  In that case I'm sorry about your penis.
 Yeah fuck those poor Japanese people who need to feed their families! Let's kill them for doing that!
 so they basically gave them gold because they have a penis.    fuck as long as i'm gay i'll never get gold.  I AM SO DISAPPOINT.
 your cars fucked up. the steering wheel is on the wrong side.
 I have no idea how you're quickscoping but that's completely wrong. It has the same amount of  luck  as a hardscope. Randomly pressing the triggers? What the fuck are you on about. Using an SMG is completely luck because you have to randomly hold the trigger and hope that someone is infront of your bullets!
 What the fuck is habeas corpus?
 you scumbag!! i hope she trashes your place before she leaves!!
 Yeah Mike Rob seems like the kind of guy who does this shit on purpose whenever he gets a chance.  What a dick!
 Stop shaming me you transfat-phobic shitlord!
 lolollol but he such a trolololol! they did not see that cumming did they?!?!
 Invest all your money in lifeinvader. I promise it won't sent you into a spiraling debt of fuckery.
 That comment thread is fucking genius
 How dare he spam him with texts and tell him what an asshole he is so he can see how much you care!
 Idk about you but I blame Romney! Fucking republicans for me not getting informed about absentee voting or voting by mail.
 No Shit Sherlock. It's uneblievable how stupid theists must be if they missed this all along!
 **I'm** not gay friendly. Get out fag.
 Harr harr generalizations are so fucking FUNNY!
 HEY OP FUCK YOU I'M ENTITLED TO ONLY NEW CONTENT ON A WEBSITE WITH MILLIONS OF MEMBERS!
 No. Homosexuals are gay.
 Cuz you're Gay!
 Wait are you trying to say that there might be other factors to gun violence?  Fucking $NRA apologist!!!
 fuck off when have cats ever been relevant on the internet
 SHITLORD!
 WTF dude! That shit's not fake!
 STFU you are putting countless lives in danger!!!1!
 dick
 Catholic priests. And Obama. They'll probably execute Obama.  Fuckin' racists.
 Downvoted for not being fucking terrible at videogames.
 Why are you mad? They gave us all a whole 45 minutes to get our shit out!
 So much entertainment has been had by every Bassett hound owner ever. Everything they do is gold well I take that back... They drool a lot. I mean a LOT lot. Yeah fuck Bassett hounds...
 Oh shit you're right!
 What the HELL is going on here lately?  Every other fucking post is  Stumbled across child porn.  Should I report it?     YES.  FUCKING REPORT IT.  Actually no.  The obvious answer is make an account with the site and fap.
 Obama is literally gay muslim nazi jew satan incarnate!
 Because being an asshole is fun right?
 A question? On the internet? Well look at this idiot fuckwit. I'll show him *clicks downvote*
 white rappers calling white people niggers?    wait until the blacks hear about this those niggers are gonna be pissed!
 Dude you are straight up acting like a little bitch. I hope this is fake.  I'm glad you can  step in and pay the bills sometimes .
 Fuck I hope not. I was libertarian before it was cool.
 Hah! I liked how you put the m in parentheses because without it it would be Morons! Clever as fuck.
 No you calling him out on his jackassery makes YOU a jackass.  Wait...
 If you're paranoid and buy into this shit **please don't leave the fucking house**.  You never know how many kids you might come into contact with in your daily routine and thus be accused of trying to kidnap them.
 Nope. That is too glorious. Get the fuck out
 This is fucking hilarious! No wonder it got submitted to r/funny!
 No you don't make the cut. You are too fucking glorious now gtfo.
 ... but ... but.. but... the democrats are really on our side... they are just weak!  They aren't voting to fuck us because they want to... they are just pussys!
 You sick pedo. I highly suggest you turn yourself in to the nearest police station and admit your sinful crimes asap.
 Yeah well you're fucking welcome!
 But but but we're not saying she's a scumbag cause she's fat- we're saying she's a squishy fuckdoll who can take a beating cause she's fat!  Don't you see how this is better?
 OBJECTIVE OBJECTIVE OBJECTIVE! FUCK EVERYTHING ELSE! I DON T CARE IF YOU FIND GETTING NICE STATS IS YOUR FORM OF FUN!!! ONLY MY WAY OF HAVING FUN IS THE RIGHT WAY
 Shooting people is fun.
 Well I can't fuck a personality now can I?
 I bet you think you're better'n dem sissy women who had epidurals don't ya?! All you granola chicks are just alike!!
 Fuck man when will he become clutch like MJ.
 Bioware is totally at fault. They fucked up the ending SO hard.
 Ewwww yucky women things! Girls are gross!
 Yeah and fuck Rosa Parks for refusing to sit in the back of the bus too.
 fucking left-wing do gooder socialists. can't stand lefties like this.
 So you refuse to answer his points yet you continue to argue?   How fucking brilliant.
 Two amazing goals spent time speaking to a kid who obviously loved him and didn't brush him aside...  But you're right we probably just shouldn't talk about him he's been invisible the whole game.  Fuck Ronaldo.  What a shit.  Hail Messi.  #nottherealronaldo
 Don't click that link! How the fuck do you know who I am?
 What the fuck?! Blue whales are big?
 Because you are a lying crap that's why.
 But that asshole got laid though!!
 Next he's probably gonna do something as inaccurate as make a movie about a group of hitmen machine-gunning hitler to death. God Tarantino's such a fucking moron.
 Also he's a nigger.
 didnt you know? its now the arbitrary jobs with somewhat redneck men channel. because you know fuck history
 Fuckin' aye! That's money we could be spending on invading Iran!!!
 Yeah fuck free speech; he hurt your feelings.
 Boy that's a fucking great suggestion!
 Yeah I give a shit if you believe me or not.
 Bet she was dressed like a slut
 no! shut up you communist!
 Dude that's what  freedom  *means*.  You fuck up **you're free to die** and good riddance to you for being imperfect.
 Host a torrent site in the US that's a fucking great idea.
 Haha! The  fuck  and  shit  in that picture made this so funny!
 What are you crazy?  And throw feminism into the trash!!!!!
 It said dick!  That's a bad word!  What if your boss came in and saw you reading the word dick?  That shit ain't safe!
 Son?????? OMG! You have totally ruined the story for me!   Have you people never heard of spoiler tags? FFS people!!!! GAME RUINED!  I hope you are fucking happy with yourselves!
 YEAH fuck all those people who bought mirror's edge!
 Yea god forbid the NRA break their shitty public image by having an articulate smart young black man with a law degree speaking sensibly on the topic of guns.  Seriously fuck that guy for promoting responsible gun ownership and sport shooting in a positive light.  What an asshole.
 Yeah he also said  scrap  instead of  scrape . What a fucking *loser* amirite?
 Are you saying that Gaben is just a business man and likes making fuck tons of money and not the hero of the gaming market who will end third world hunger and bring a stop to Armageddon with the power of his third chin? Nonsense burn the heretic!
 You should buy a new phone every time there is a device that has better hardware or software specs than the device you currently have.  No one wants to be stuck using a smartphone that's more than a month old that just fucking pathetic.
 Yeah fuck those guys for trying to help.
 I know right? Switch to the fucking shotguns and assualt rifles if you *really* want to kill it!
 Honestly Skyfall is the only Daniel Craig Bond movie I've seen. By the end I was pretty impressed with how badass he is but completely dumbstruck by how incompetent the women were.    M   - Orders the sniper taken out instead of letting Bond do his thing - namely fuck dudes up -. He's her golden boy and she can't trust him to take out ONE man?      - During her hearing when she finds out Silva has escaped she stays [ok whatever fine] but she **doesn't tell anyone** and puts everyone there at risk. What a great way to show that you're not a fucking idiot.      - Doesn't tell Bond that she's been shot. He's a field operative and recently survived a bullet and a freaking quarter mile fall I'm sure he has some medical experience that could be of use.   Eve   - Doesn't take a second shot and watches the bad guy get away. Seriously. What. The. Fuck.   Severine AKA That girl he fucks in the shower on the boat   - Yeah alright she was a slave girl that had been abused to hell and back but letting Bond come out on the deck and have a nice chat with her? C'mon you couldn't have at least *pretended* he stowed away? It doesn't seem like anyone on the ship had any idea he was there until he strolls out on deck. She served only to allow Bond to have yet another sex scene and a snappy one liner after she gets shot in the head. Admittedly I haven't seen his whole relationship with Vesper but man he's not keeping these girls at arms length he's keeping them at dicks length and then driving over their corpses.   Council Bitch   - Was just a total bitch and probably not following procedure for a hearing of this sort.   There those are all the women with any lines in this movie. I'm glad Hollywood is providing such great rolemodels.
 Cause you can't play your PS4 on a cereal box god damnit sony you just keep hiding shit from us.
 No you are an Islamophobic racist.
 Sounds like a huge fucking douche fuck.  Also if I was your current boyfriend I wouldn't let you hang out with him.  I mean I don't think its a man place to tell her girl what to do or any bullshit like that but this man *assaults you.*  I would worry for your safety.  Even if he was asleep (sure great excuse) and it  wasn't his fault  he still all-but-raped you.  I would constantly be stressing out that there's a aggressive douche-nozzle going to beat and rape my girlfriend and you'd have to stop seeing him or stop seeing me cause I don't like girls that can't stand up for themselves.  Seriously I don't know him I read that you've been friends for 5 years or what ever but he's a pile of shit.  I giant reeking selfish asshole who drinks when he knows he shouldn't and then sexually assaults his friends.  Also he's going no where in life.  Sounds like a great friend a real pleasure to be around who encourages the best out of his everyone around him.  I love the way he respects those close to him.
 not really im on my 30 min break inbetween  9~ hours of work and 3 hours of class so i feel quite indifferent  e-- but i bet you felt quite fucking witty and snowflakey when you came up with your HILARIOUSLY unique and abrasive username! haha what a comedic dissonance it must be when you post something rational and people read your name  CuntWizard  hahaha!!!!!!
 Yeah dude I know like 12 people who knew a guy who knew a guy who knew the guy. That glass of orange juice had a lot of fucking friends.
 So why do the people who are only educated in Qu'ran suck so bad at making shit that actually works that they have to suck it up and buy it from other people who they hate?
 Shut up and go back to where you're allowed heathen.
 It's posts like these that will make the minority opinion shut the fuck up.  Guilt tripping them into feeling bad for having a different opinion?  Damn dude.  That's cold.
 You both need to calm the fuck down.
 How can your pet not generate enough aggro? He doesn't have a fucking problem doing it in LFR and Heroics against my 495 tank.
 Thanks asshole!
 Dude you are clearly lying. The Jackets literally have zero douchebag fans.
 Just think about this: If you fuck this up that's it you'll never have another shot at finding someone who will make you happy for the rest of your life because clearly she's the only one who can based on the online messages you've exchanged. If this shit goes South you're gonna have to settle for Molly that fat 35-year old waitress with 3 kids who lives in the trailer park by the dump and keeps creeping on your profile.  Good luck tomorrow!
 HAHAHAHAHA CANNED MIXED DRINKS SO FUCKING FUNNY!!!1!11!!11!one!1!1
 Most definitely. And if you tell people about the conditions in which tobacco is grown well fuck you.
 Oh so this is a perfect opportunity to say...  What the fuck TIL. I already knew this factoid and you suck as a subreddit and how dare you show me something I already know.
 Damn you and your facts!
 So *you* spent too much money on a game *you* couldn't afford while steam is having daily deals and they wouldn't give you a refund?  What a sorry bunch of assholes Valve are.
 God damn it...  I have been trying to figure out how to get a raise. Fuck I wish I knew it was this easy earlier. I'm going to take my motorcycle with the randomly locking front break for a ride brb.
 Did you ever look at a girl? Yup you were *literally raping her*.
 Obviously you need to tell them you ride cock for fun.
 But but but the only reason you'd be bisexual is to try and get men or because you're indecisive or because you're such a slut you have no standards at all.
 Lolololol u neckbeard fedora wearing MRA shitlord virgin!!
 It's hard to discern a good decision like eating healthy from a bad decision like picking up more Wendy's when you're a black trans autistic asexual wolf dragon. Check your privilege.
 Men are scum... until they take a bullet for you or pull you from the wreckage of a plane.
 Yea cause two assholes means the whole community is awful!
 As a GoM player that's not what it does at all. In fact it inspires more of a  suck it fuckers  mentality because ganging up on us like that makes you really seem to have it coming.   Hurr durr let's help the servers that are being total pricks to us so they stop. Yeahhh!   If you want players on servers that you've spotted hackers on to find and report them then make a call for that. Don't go around punishing an entire server for one douchebag's faggotry. That won't get you any respect from us whatsoever.  Hell most would-be reporters probably can't even get out of spawn because it's being camped so fucking hard. That's a great idea on your part!
 Well what the fuck are you doing? You must please those that want you.
 I hope this shuts up everyone who thinks Southerners are a bunch of trigger-happy idiots who are filled with fear.
 OH MY GOD!!!!!! he scored a goal from a free kick. Fuck yea!!! Let's get him he can definitely take the team to the next level.
 Yeah!  Defending yourself with evidence is STUPID DUMMYHEAD!!!
 But my wage doesn't go up with inflation...It's not fair fuck unions amirite?
 OH SHIT YOU PWNED HIS ASS!!!!!  :D :D :D :D
 Yeah fuck the drummer; we can replace him!
 Cry about it like a little bitch
 But guns are DANGEROUS!!!1! They're only ever used to kill babies and anyone that owns even ONE is a ticking time bomb of murder-death-kills! Guns make you evil!!!
 Holy shit! New Funny!!!!
 Yeah because white people *never* do stupid shit like this.
 Wait what is that behind him? Trans invisibility? You are fucking transphobic. I am offended. I can't believe how bigoted this place is - I'm tagging you now for what a bigot you are.
 Nibiru! WE'RE ALL GONNA DIE!!!
 Yeah! The fucker boarded the Israeli vessel and started attacking Israeli sailors!
 She won't you mysoginstic asshole
 TIL you can whack penises.
 Now. You don't want to have sex too quick because then you will be a slutty lock and he will be a master key. You need to keep your sacred vagina away from his evil penis.
 Where do you get your BJs anyway? They must suck!
 What the fuck kind of anarchistic madness are you trying to peddle?
 You know what fuck it you're right and I'm wrong. You totally know everything about every pizza hut location in the us.
 Yeah what an asshole.
 Really fuck Facebook integration. I don't need that shit. Fuck all the accessibility features too. I don't need them why should they be in my phone?
 Yeah those damn regulations and beauraucrats!!
 Wow a woman flirted with you? Fucking unbelievable.
 I know right. That children is why the bible has been re-translated a billion times. By people like this trying to downplay the stupid shit inside of the book of shit. Fancy that!  Little children = Teenagers  Go up thou baldhead = We are going to kill you   Riigggghhttttt.  OH WAIT HE SAID HE WAS ATHEIST ALL IS GOOD.
 What the fuck?  In any sport you have a guy that will cry his vagina out of it's socket when he gets hurt and the guy who will stick up his ACL with duct tape just to help his team out. It's not dependent on the type of sport and it's not dependent on the fact that your goal is to fuck a guy up while playing hockey while it's the opposite while playing other sports.   Oh look at me I compete in a sport where it's legal to fuck a guy up that must make me much superior to other guys. You're practically gay compared to boxers and UFC fighters.
 You're just a bigot.
 yeah. wouldn't want people to get fucked up in bars.
 Durrr he said YNWA. Stupid.
 You horrible horrible 1% and your acts of kindness toward your family. Shameful.
 Well of course you did you're a godless heathen atheist.
 Pssh that guy is a scrub
 Are you purposefully trying to make us sad? Dick!
 Ya know what? Guck you opie!
 but thats communism! and look how fuckin poor people are in norway.
 What are we going to do with all of these drugs we've spent years and millions developing to indefinitely treat and profit from patients??  What do you mean by 'Your arthritis meds gave me a heart attack?' or 'Your sleep-aid gave me horrifically realistic hallucinations?  They're all cured now and they grow their own medications!  Quick!  Get the cancer-terror stick!  Shit!  It cures cancer too!  We're fucked!
 Fuck that I'd rather spend 1 hour on a plane than 5 **years** in my car.
 Yeah! I mean sure he posted a picture of his dick on ladybonersgw... but how dare the ladies become aroused!
 WHY DO YOU HATE WHITE PEOPLE?!  WHY ARE YOU BIGGOTED AGAINST US!!!??!?!?!11
 Yeah totally fucking entitled generation people before that never had such a sense at all!
 Genetics how do they fucking work?
 It's a fucking internet message board full of people that don't like shitty fucking memes and recycled political circle-jerking.  Seems like the perfect place for zero tolerance of shitty fucking memes and recycled political circle-jerking.  But sure let's compare it to society.  Seems reasonable enough.
 nah gee stop bein gay n shi. juz puff a blunt n be real manigg or iz u a bitch?
 Yea woman will never *ever* hold the door! Man all woman suck!
 you're right. if i just say fuck it then everything will work out
 AAAARRRGGG this site's going to hell!!! REPOSTS EVERYWHERE!!!
 bro dont you get it ? Secular and shit.
 Yeah that was funny shit.
 WHAT!?! HOW DARE YOU INSULT  MY SEX ED TEACHER'S SON FROM 4 YEARS AGO. YOU ARE CRUEL AND SHOULD DIE IN A HOLE.
 BULLSHIT! Obama would never allow such a thing to occur on his watch!
 You should send OP a pic of your dick. I'm sure OP would appreciate it.
 If you go out dressed slutty it is your fault that you be raped
 isthataturtle was right. i have no idea what the fuck you're talking about because jizzy shore is on marathon baby.
 Yea fuck trying to get an education after high school. What are these morons thinking!?
 yea fuck this dude! I can't stand people who are more successful than me especially when they're good at investing and controlling their money. He's making more money than me just off his money!! That's not fair! He should give me more of his money because I haven't been handed a fortune like him.
 Shh! Don't you even dare suggest such a blasphemy!  Don't you know genitalia shrivels up and falls off if you don't get to watch porn?
 Unless dis bitch got a fine Ass right?
 Yeah those MOS's they aren't real Marines anyway.  Let them go find some other job bunch of fuckin POGs.
 Yeah because he has a different sense of humour than you it must be shitty.
 Fucking a woman at age 11 must be a dream come true. I wish I was that lucky when I was 11.
 You might not want to do that.  Someone might video you doing that and then some douche bag will start a donation account for the fucking water heads and they'll end up being millionaires potentially buying the company that you will be employed at in the future causing you a shit ton of foreseeable agony as they force you to laugh at their unfunny potato humor in exchange for allowing you to keep your mediocre job.
 Compete with this you damn union members!
 Because of course if you play games on a console you're obviously a retard.
 Because of course if you play games on a console you're obviously a retard.
 Hey at least they're not Darfur!! Goddamn ingrates!
 Sugar is just empty carbs and it'll kill you and make you fat and die and stuff.
 Go chase after her!!! After catching up to her be like you dropped your pencil at the library and say I hate when I lose my favorite pencil. After she thanks you go in for the kiss. She'll either pucker up or push you away. Either way you can tell your friends later on that a hot girl touched you.
 cows go moo. dogs go bark. alabama politicians enact retarded laws that make the whole state look like a hick ass backwards shit stye. come back when you have real news.
 I will kill you.
 That's Seth Green you idiot.
 Yeah you idiots. How dare you mention Starcraft games where the VODs don't even exist yet. You insensitive assholes.
 you disgust me
 I think you have a tumor on the back of your head in the shape of Jackie Chan...
 false. I use it when I beat up niggers
 Hey I'm french and some nazi tortured my grandfather. fuck that! I hate germans now!
 Ya because dumping massive amounts of classified data when you have no fucking clue what it contains is heroic.
 I got mine when the economy was good so fuck you. Forget that it was us who fucked the economy up. Forget that we are now sucking the blood from generations yet unborn. But... you have to pay our medicaid and medicare because I deserve it.  PS. hows vietnam 2.0 serving you guys?
 Bullshit you stole these from the TF2 blog.
 Wow dude. You masturbate while you have a girlfriend? That's sick.
 awwww big bad friedcat wont sell you something he owns for a price you want - what an asshole he is going to bitcoin hell for sure
 I know.  Taxpayers are nothing more than a source of ready cash.  Why give those stupid suckers anything back?
 NOT ATGATT OMFG!!! YOU'RE A HORRIBLE FATHER!
 Yeah we should just allow companies to fuck their employees without fear of punishment!
 That puppy ain't fucking it's just cute.
 Hey but they can't fucking mess with video games. The Internet is serious business.
 Thanks a lot asshole.
  Android is fucked  works perfectly
 Fuck the dailyfail.    If you show a reliable source I may believe it. Until then this is enquirer level ~~journalism~~ tabloid bullshit that has no basis in reality. A pommy  paper  commenting on an american incident.   Sounds legit
 Man they really did a shit job.
 Yeah and now it's covered by some fucking awesome American symbols! Much better!
 There's no such thing as Elo hell and if you're losing it's your fault. You need to practice more buy wards and stop sucking.
 Obviously when the uncle pulled the kid on shore the shark followed because that kid was fucking delicious.
 Because we all know you can't easily hook up any current gaming PC to your home entertainment system via HDMI and use a Xbox controller so you can sit your fat ass on a couch.
 What are you thinking you can't just have fun in Minez! You have to have 20 people Kill everyone duh!
 Yeah fuck the nuked out challenge that shit is too hard I'm just going to go boost it with my buddy. That's cool with everyone right???
 Yeah that scum that was trying to help kids make some money. They should hang him.   Suing a kids team is always what good stand up folks do. Fuck those kids.
 A cake that looks like poo? What the fuck?!?!?!?
 Because don't you know that *everything* involving boobs has to be sexual?
 Really good work on the youtube comments guys. Seriously just awesome. You're all so cool for calling him a pedophile and a faggot.
 Bro they said fuck on TV. Sooo cool.
 But hey - it's all right because they openly discriminate against gay people. Oh sure - pedophiles are bad but gay people? Fuck them.
 The biggest shoe-horn I see is the  friend zone  one. Whereby on reddit you are blasted if you assume a male and female are in a relationship even when its obvious. I think that is what is happening here basicall we're all shitlords for thinking this guy is her BF. Because you'r a piece of shit if you assume that guy who grabbed her boob might not be her friend. What you think girls can't have male friends?
 People should all be sheep and only vote for things that benefit them for the immediate future fuck future generations.
 You don't like scrolling past a million  that was a fucking foul refs!  to find any argument for or against the matter?
 Damnit I've been trying to fuck white people for years now. How are these guys doing it so easily?
 This movie is all about stupid leftists nazi  propaghanda.  - GOP
 lol buttsex is totes the same as homosexuality
 Yeah you should trade him to me. And since you can't get anything for his worthless ass I'll just give you a bag of peanuts for him.
 fuk ur anglish klass bro
 Herp derp were so much better than those stupid kids.
 No jumping?!?!?!?1!!?11!  Holy shit those monsters.
 Oh yea stupid democrats how dare they try to pay our bills.
 Yeah! Expressing your opinion is so stupid! And the ones who post links against homophobia are the worst! If you're really against it marry a person of the same sex! Do something concrete!
 Fuck you we'll make those lazy bastards work be more productive by cutting their hours and getting rid of their well-deserved benefits. Teach them a lesson!
 Yeah fucking nerds going to college and shit; don't they know that the real reason you go to college is to pay lots of money to party all of the time?
 WHAT THE FUCK??? This is pure ignorance I want to upvote this just to let people see how dumb this post is.  not every MMO has subs...most MMO's fail because they put a sub model. WoW did get lucky in that respect. And I think Diablo is a TPS...because you shoot things..?
 Perhaps she means she wishes to fuck this person to (until) 'then'. E.g: 'Dinner's at 7? Ok I'll fuck you to then.'
 You're obviously speaking out your ass we all know it's dubstep
 Get the fuck out! Blizz sucks TL2 is clearly better in every way i would know because i watched a video of someone playing the beta!
 How do you know someone eats meat?  Oh don't worry they'll fucking tell you.
 i agree geoff sounds nothing like ross. man this fanbase is stupid
 Classy telling someone who raises a valid question in a civil manner to fuck off. I wasn't on your side before but now I'm *totally* behind you on this one.
 Just think all that lung butter you're coughing up is the way your body is healing itself. It feels fucking awesome.
 Sir u are a human and humans can't fly naturally therefore we the fat lazy fucks of this city must tax u for using a jet pack and not a motor vehicle. Next up on the agenda on how to piss off average Joe in this free country we call USA is to tax u into oblivion on breathing the air which is a property of US Government just like the soil u are standing on.
 You are just opening up more to anime. You have to remember it's just another medium. Weaboo faggot.
 But they are *crying* and sending a distress call!!! Horrible parents!!
 Nah man when Blacks say Nigger it's still racist!
 OMG WTF I'M ONLY THREE MINUTES INTO S1E01 FUCKIN' SPOILER TAGS D00D!
 What a harlot! It's like she thinks she owns her sexuallity or something! Who does she think she is a MAN?
 WHAT? Did you just write  white ? You racist pig!
 Oh right I forgot. Once you've seen a penis you're magically bound to penises forever. That's why all bi men are secretly gay and all bi women are secretly straight.
 Yeah cause the Viper like totally sucks.
 How dare you post this!   Everyone knows the black guy created all this mess!
 No I fucking LOVE it!
 NO. I must get offended at the smallest perceived slight! Just because I'm part of a teensy tiny minority doesn't mean I'm abnormal fuck you!
 It's okay I don't generalize. Unlike you you racist piece of Texan shit.
 You really can't see a difference between being gay and showing off a huge tattoo expressing genocidal sentiments?  Do you equate people condemning neo-nazis calling for mass slaughter of Jews with kids mocking  gingers  too?  How dare we criticize this guy just because he has a huge fucking tattoo that says we should all be beaten to death which he proudly showed off when he was interviewed after a friend of his actually tried to beat a gay guy to death!  That's **totally** the same thing as picking on a kid for wearing a pink shirt to school!
 No dude he's the guy with the sword and the hat with the stupid ears!
 Yeah man fuck all those people who just decide to run marathons. If they're not trying to be elite they shouldn't run.
 *Flaming homosexuals! Get off my Intartubes!*
 You don't get it you only like your boobs because they get you male attention and it boosts your confidence.
 You're a disgusting Islamophobe for making such despicable comments on Muslims.
 Area code? How the fuck can I dial your mom's number without it?
 THIS IS SO FUCKING AWESOME AND FUNNY!
 Yeah fuck developers that need money! They should give us the cheapest possible price on everything and keep their jobs and lives afloat!
 What are they putting in the water?  America is fucked up and the goveernment is doing some shady shit. Water isn't supposed to do that.
 Die CIS scum...
 Yeah their directory services and their sql server suck so hard. What were they thinking just boot legging that crap?
 Meh only a near 8000 damage crit.  Not fucking insane or anything
 You must be an anti-education shill.
 Those damn intolerant Wingnuts at Faux News!
 You may have your free Health care but atleast we have our...unlimited... INTERNET!!!  America Fuck yea
 But Obama is a secret agent Muslim who is destroying America by forcing me to pay for the birth control of sluts!    And don't get me started about the homosexuals!
 *clears throat*.....RACIST!!!!
 Yeah! What a loser! He sounds like the kind of guy who can be a real jerk too.
 Hey foreign guy STILL LIVE IN 'MURICA! AMEN! THANK YOU! SUCK IT COMMIE!
 No a mentally unstable person has a God given right to an AR-15 but I don't want some fucking pig to have it.
 Allowing me to carry around RPG's would be a damn good start. Who would fuck with a dude carrying that shit around?
 Did you cook him breakfast too you damn liberal?
 Assholes like OP are ruining reddit!
 because i never met assholes who listen to rock and nice guys who listen to rap
 Fuckin' police state. It's a shame armed guards remove our freedom to walk into any gun free zone and do as much harm as we want.
 those damn vidya games
 RGIII was talking to his team and when he was in the huddle there were people just looking around and not even listening. This guy obviously isn't a good leader because when he was yelling 'Lets GO!' his team wasn't jumping on him sucking his dick. He obviously isn't a leader rofl.
 $5 in Colorado gets you about 24 kilos of White Widow. Upvote cuz my prices are better than yours 420 blaze it faggots.
 Stupid atheist making a Christian quote.
 LET'S BEHEAD PEOPLE AND BURN SHIT DOWN!!!
 You just need to pull yourself up by your bootstraps and WORK you socialist pig.
 Romney reveals again that he's a liar. Shocking!
 *God*damn freedom of speech!  I hope they burn in *hell* those crazy creationists!
 They are the gods choosen ones. They can do whatever the fuck they want!
 Wait the capitol is full of smurfs? Shit this is avatar all over again!!!
 And then he anally raped you cause all gay people just want to pound ass. Just like all straight people want kids right?
 You wouldn't put your dick in your back pocket so why put your phone on your back pocket?  It is just as painful to sit on your dick as it is to sit on your phone.
 Because Obama is black an they don't like niggers specially those in da WHITE house.
 How dumb can you be?  Jesus Christ didn't create the universe God the father did.  Its like she has never even read the bible!
 c'mon everybody knows you are either the number one super power or you live in a dirt floored hut and shit in a bucket. There is no in-between.
  kitten you are so stupid   ah yes abnormal behavior + eye twitching is just stupid.  not an indication of some kind of neurological disorder.
 You're right. Whose Line is it Anyway? sucked.
 Yeah!  Police officers and fire fighters can suck it!
 You forgot cis!  Damn tall white cis straight males!
 It sure would be nice if you proles and povs just shut the fuck up and let people of worth and value do what they need to do.
 How dare you imply he doesn't want it you fat shaming twit!
 Right right it just goes by whether it bothers  most people  and these are minorities fuck them.
 Look at this dumb hick from Kentucky can't even tell the difference between a country and a state!
 Aw yeah poor guy. Let's talk more about crazy bitches.
 I'm so fucking proud.
 Yeah! Ypu tell that selfish prick!
 Don't call my bullshit
 HA you east coast suckers. the ACT is where it's at!
 Damn dude your whole numpad is blown! What a bummer :P
 If we let Ohio State perform here we damn sure better not let them do script Ohio!  We better have Eric Martin stand guard over the  i  so they can't dot that motherfucker!
 step 1) write a bunch of shit  step 2) go to cyper  step 3) spit written shit  step 4) don't let anyone know you wrote it beforehand
 *Whoop-dee-fucking-do.*
 Don't you understand gay culture? Being gay=nerdiness. Maybe you shouldn't be such a homophobe.
 Oh well it looks like it worked out for the best. She is better off working as a sex worker than sucking at the government teat.
 But they won't scrape the fuck out of those screens right?
 I got a 27 in 8th grade. I'M MORE MATURE THAN YOU SUCK IT LOSER.
 Evolution doesn't explain why toast always falls buttered side down guys.    Fuck this I'm going back to Jesus.
 Man. I FUCKING HATE WHEN PEOPLE DO THEIR JOB.
 Grew up in Burrville(between Torrington and Winsted)and yeah this is pretty much it. They're there but if the DEEP admitted it they'd have to give them protection.  The DEEP also likes to think that people who have  lived in the CT woods their entire lives are too fucking stupid to tell the difference between a 20-30lb Bobcat and a fucking 150lb+ mountain lion. Because you know we're fucking stupid and should just shut up already... gawd.
 Exactly! People who are poor are simply too lazy and stupid to get a better job! All poor people are bad with money!
 How heteronormative of you transphobic shitlord.
 Mother kisses daughter? It's alright mom just loves her daughter.  Father kisses daughter? OMG must be a incest-pedophile driven relationship!  Double standards and a bias that assumes all men are pedophiles at birth.   Guys can't love! Guys just want to fuck their daughters!
 Damn right cause anyone buying ammo is a potential criminal let's keep an eye on those baby killers.
 Damn straight! I mean what the fuck are they all doing having fun splashing around in the water and taking pics when there are fires to fight crocodiles to wrestle and dingos to watch out for. They eat babies you know. The jellyfish sea snakes sharks and stingrays have a bad rep there as well not to mention the blue ringed octupi and stonefish they might be stepping on.  These people must be clueless getting in the water!!!
 But.. but.. GERMANS ARE NAZIS!   LIES! LIES!
 As did a lot of younger people I'm sure. I regret to inform you that that makes you a fucking retard for not knowing all about Bob Marley. If you had a better taste in music you wouldn't be so retarded.
 Naww man that is just been Alpha as fuck.
 Considering that leering at a woman can get you arrested for assault these days?    Fucks sake maybe Islam had the right idea by encouraging (forcing) women to wear fucking bedsheets at all times.  Can't objectify that can you?
 You are such a master troll. You really got us!
 Yeah she is so HIDEOUSLY UGLY!!!!!!!!!
 Yeah! Why doesn't everyone get the right to rape and sexually assault whoever they want?!
 You're just a racist Islamophobe!
 Sexual assault. Hilarious!
 If I don't get a pink hoverboard within the next 3 years I'm gonna call bullshit on back to the future.
 No like a woman's dick.
 There's nothing I enjoy more than hurting the woman who gave me life. Well done OP. Well fucking done.
 Yeah dude that game was horrible because it had a god damned nigger as a protagonist.
 EA does this all the time. It's called MARKETING. It's just how when you buy a Gillette razor you get a coupon toward an EA sports game. God forbid they give you a coupon. What scumbags.
 Yeah because fuck it if I think homosexuals shouldn't be allowed to get married or condoms are way worse that HIV or that I think acid face wash is the appropriate punishment for apostasy. Respect my beliefs.  Beliefs are sacred. Fuck people.
 No not at all.  He should break up with you for even thinking about asking him to stop.  Bitches be crazy!
 My good friend told our mutual friends that I fuck cats for whatever reason. It kinda stuck for a few months. It was awesome when I'd be talking to a girl and one of the dudes would come up and go  HEY BUDDY HOW'S YOUR CATS ASSHOLE? STRETCH IT GOOD? ALRIGHT!!!
 But he's a Republican so obviously he's batshit crazy and not just a calculated killer!
 Why don't you go ahead and pierce your baby girl's ears while you're at it?  Maybe give her a tattoo?  You know she'll probably want those things when she's older anyway so why not do it when she's a baby and won't remember the pain and confusion?  Because fuck her right to choose what to do with her own body.
 Damn immigrants takin' up all the space!
 YOU HATE WHITE PEOPLE!!!!!!
 DAE Wanna Kill Microsoft?? Yea lets kill Microsoft!!!!! It's the only way guys!!!
 I don't get why it's funny. It's cause he can't speak English properly right?  Fuckin' Asians shouldn't even try to speak English. What a dumb ass for trying to learn to another language.
 You dirty doper! Why couldn't you have chosen a more acceptable hobby such a rape or child molesting? You had all of these choices and you chose the most heinous of all smoking a joint. Shame on you.
 Ya niksabyte your point is moot 'cuz only 125000 innocents died!  .......uh fucking
 Agreed. It was fucking awful; they might as well be using a camera phone.
 But if you're not white you're a filthy slave illegal Jewish terrorist and you're definitely not a true American. Hitler chose the wrong people.
 I'm sorry I think you mean *hell the fuck yes.*
 those damn liberals
 Fuck you - the internet is the only source necessary to make a completely informed and rational opinion!
 Seriously. It's time we collectively ask what the fuck is going on. But first let me finish the Kardashians
 What are you stupid? I want to play titanium backup.  I also want to play google chrome.  Have you played root explorer?  This name makes so much sense I just don't get how you don't get it.  I play all my apps.
 You should probably tell him his FB photo ended up on the front page of a website and now 134000 strangers can look at a picture of his house. I bet he'd be fucking PUMPED.
 HAHA it's funny because he's black and black people steal things.
 Public sector employees?   Fuck 'em you need taxes to pay for that shit.
 Don't you call us white! We are *Caucasian*. Are you racist against us?!?
  Your hymen tore during the pelvic exam? WELL WHY DON'T YOU JUST GO FUCK THE ENTIRE FOOTBALL TEAM YOU WHORE!?
 Nothing pisses me off more than stupid medics bringing me back in the middle of a firefight.  Oh! You're revived! Oh... your dead. THANKS
 It's probably because of all the morons on their whiny piece of shit crotch rockets doing burnouts and wheelies all the time.
 Hey I don't like you insulting people like children or even having that opinion so you should stop. And if you don't stop then I think you are behaving like a jackass and your manners have deteriorated.
 It certainly doesn't fuck with the bus routes I can assure you that.
 Don't know what Tumblr you're going to. Mine is full of Captain America's ass and Garrus body pillows.
 Forward cap; if it was a backwards cap he was a douchebag and it would be OK to shoot him.
 NO! NO FUCK YOU! WE DESIGNED THE GAME TO BE SOCIAL DAMNIT AND YOU WILL LOVE IT! #getsocialordisconnecttrying
 Yeah fuck you Obama $250000 is barely middle class - especially with two kids in the house.
 Yeah you're right. That first angle was shit.
 Um.. excuse me but everyone knows that science is bullshit compared to the crazy religious shit I make up in my head.
 81 miles AN HOUR! You reckless speed demon! How are you even alive still! I am shocked!!!
 Damn socialists!!!
 Yeah totally.  Fuck the environment.
 Rah rah! Look at the sluts! Women must suck amirite?
 Come on BBC totally sucks.
 Broooooo I feel you. All these queermos lookin' at us like they wanna get with us like I understand I'm fuckin' cut and I know gay dude are gonna come on to me but not into it bro. I mean gay people are okay but not when they anywhere near me or when they get mentioned to me. It's just weird bro.  No homo.
 Yes we're all assholes because we'll pick up our phones pretty much as a reflex. Nicely done sir.
 It has to be those damn pirates!
 your source is ... a book?!   that shits less accurate than Cracked.   Anybody coulda wrote that shit.
 Damn cops. Today checking your gun serial number tomorrow funneling you into gas chambers. Your comparison is neither foolish nor insulting.
 You enjoy using your penis on occasion. Therefore you are an oppressor!!!  Don't you know? All PIV sex is rape.
 Witty female lead? how original for disney can't fucking wait.
 but you don't get it blizzard is THE big bad evil buying up wow news sites and shit because they cant take criticism
 But if you're a Republican it means you're dumb and being atheist means you're smart. You're a contradiction like starbursts.
 I can tell you are a liar because you make having kids sound fun!
 What do you mean these kids are jerks?!
 You are belittling their struggle. You monster!
 Yeah. What a douche. He killed himself.
 That shit was aimed at babies why do you still like that shit?
 You can take my Uzis but you'll never take my FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEDOM!  The irony of this is that the guy acknowledges government tyranny yet is against gun possession? Who the fuck does he think the last line of defense is?   No one can deny us our right to kill children!!!
 No this is reddit and life sucks and you can't enjoy it!
 Oh no someone has a different opinion on things than you! Those ass holes!
 I mean she is a witch.
 Unless they're a woman. Then she's just a slut.
 well clearly you lost your weight by giving it to her jackass
 The cute thing came at the end.. the other frames showed you being a dick to your little kid! REDDIT ARMY does not approve!
 SHUT UP SERB.
 What a fucking pervert. Everyone knows that 18 is the legal age because that's what the government tells us and government knows best!
 Fuck theory let's just talk snowden
 oh fucking super we`re saved! Thanks BBC!!
 He's all about the purpose driven life. If you're purpose is to hunt down and kill gays then good on you!
 Oh but you should because you have the evil white gene in you. It doesn't matter if you have the white gene you are just fucked. Your ancestor could have been born into white slavery but it doesn't you will be held accountable by the SJW's of the world and of Tumblr.
 goddamnit you're right. Why can't I call all black people niggers and asian people chinks? STOP MAKING ME PROGRESS AS A PERSON AMERICA!
 I can't wait to witness that Miami high-flying action at home!  FUCKING
 Damn socialists!!!!!!
 My dad's dick.  He's a nudist and there's some stuff a young girl shouldn't be seeing while she eats her cereal before school everyday.  I'm pretty sure a good chunk of my warped view of sexuality developed from that. Let me tell you how AWESOME it is to feel faintly ill when thinking of sex as a grown woman!
 You don't respect my rights to rape and murder my family. You are a Racist!
 You have an issue with checkpoints this means you have an issue with getting yourself killed. It makes complete sense that this game sucks.
 Yeah but at least Dana Plato didn't dress like a slut.
 *all* of the pussy?  Time to find out how to ride bikes like Europeans
 Yeah we shouldn't bother with educating young people they just want to fuck around with their life anyway. Who cares about the future?
 Obviously you are just a dirty pirate trying to steal their moneys.
 Nah it's not true they can totally bypass thermodynamics with their fat. I mean all they eat is a leaf of lettuce a day they can't help it their bodies just make fat out of thin fucking air.
 Back when queers cudnt get hitched!1
 A Korean has personality and shows it? FUCK NO THAT CAN NEVER HAPPEN. THEY ALL MUST REMAIN FACELESS!
 Damn you and your privilege!
 Some people walk around looking for the chance to be hyper-critical and assholish. I'm not one of them at all but this guy obviously is. What a jerk!
 ERMAHGERD MUSLIMS LIKE METAL???? WHAT IN THE WORLD IS THIS FUCKERY???
 Information wants to be free yo. Fuck anyone who stands in the way.
 But pretty things are for faggots!
 Yeah its much better to tell the they are worthless unwanted pieces of shit.  That works our much better!
 But the stock market is up!!  The shopping malls are full of people buying shit on credit.  The car dealers are busy selling cars on credit to people who already have cars.    Good Times are here again.  We had some *real change* so it's time to get back to spending.   ....
 What a little cunt I'd like to see him get in a ring with me I would knock his punk ass out!!!
 LORD! God does no-one respect the relic of a system based on feudalism chivalry and knights in armour on horses going to battle for their fucking King.
 Sexual assault. Funny.
 Am I the only one who took this poll seriously i mea come one guys this a a poll for an internet forum you all y'all are just dicking around
 Because they're snobby assholes.
 damn sohulists!
 He had zero fucks to give is all. I'm sure he's doing well now.
 Yeah why bother staying around when this girl is obviously damaged goods! Who cares if she was really raped or not bitch be crazy!
 But athletes competing in *completely different sport* have the potential to make millions. I want my favorite fighters to make millions too! Fuck you Dana.
 Chill op he simply showed you a dick you didn't want a see. You know... Ain't no big deal. Not like he wants to do anything againts your will or if he'll disregard your personal boundaries.
 Kid can't mow worth shit. He's missing a ton of spots by not overlapping his walk.  You failed as a father.
 Yeah fuck them for recording valid evidence. they deserve to be arrested
 Burning shit down and fighting a civil war will thin the herd and create job openings.
 OMG YOU ASSHOLES THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH TRAYVON BEING MURDERED BY A RACIST NRA NUT!!! WHY ARE YOU SMEARING HIS GOOD NAME!!!
 What a cocky asshole. Sliding into home plate. He's so immature...does he not realize this is the majors!?
 what......... dude is white. Color is *obviously* reversed. a dumb ass is a dumb ass.
 They also got rid of that jail bait subreddit and ban people for doxing. Fucking internet Nazis right?
 In America you can't say  fuck  on the radio or you'll get fined. we're awesome.
 What you can't shoot someone for stealing your stuff? That's bullshit!
 What would you rather have them promote obesity!?!?!!! Quit whining everyone can look like this if they try hard enough. If you don't it's just because you're lazy or like food too much. Also you have better shave off all your pubes or guys won't touch you.
 haha what a fag XD
 Ah yes because all religious people are stupid . . . Great argument.
 No we havent. We're all blind undereducated retards who believe stupid things without evidence! Dont you ever forget it!
 Yea they're not video game fans.  Rocking the nintendo 64 for Mario Kart and two original Xbox's with Halo.  Fuck those guys they aren't gamers.
 Because guns are *EVIL* and people with mental issues can just go suck themselves.
 Perhaps someone from the future contacted her and told her to do whatever she could to stop it. Of course we all laugh at her thinking she's stupid. Ha ha ha..... BOOM!
 Because a one night stand makes you a slut.
 I'm so fuckin mad. I got one of those and made it really good and made it look like the 86 from Initial D and put it in my garage at Franklin's aunt's house. Then after that [Franklin got upgraded to the fancy house in the hills. The garage in south Los Santos ate my fucking car!]
 I don't know why your getting down voted into oblivion. Maybe you should stop sharing your opinion ass clown!
 Because you're dumb!
 BBBBut the CHILLLDREEEN think of the little defenseless children!  You are a child molester aren't you?  YOU MONSTERRRR!!
 Wow you're right. I went through and read the rest and now I'm convinced OP has to be a troll. Any person that still wants to propose to a girl that goes on holiday with him then proceeds to fuck her fuck buddy on the side has to be clinically insane.  OP's wife doesn't love or respect him. He is a worm with no spine that she can walk all over and manipulate into dropping everything for her. Unfortunately the harsh truth is he deserves it. He had so many chances to stand up for himself and dump the bitch but instead he just kept reinforcing her dominance and now he's stuck in a relationship where he doesn't trust his wife.   He shouldn't trust his wife. They're having sex once every 3 weeks. Yes I'm sure a woman like her isn't getting any on the side when they're only have sex once a month.
 You racist!
 Well no shit. Rape is always the woman's fault. Boys will be boys.
 What's even more interesting is the amount of money grossed on that entire list.... and they keep telling us piracy is killing this industry?   Yeah fucking right it is.
 Yeah the law is complete bullshit. They say you can still own a 10 round magazine however your only allowed to put 7 bullets in it. That will stop criminals from killing so many people.
 You racist!
 If anyone touched any part of my body without permission I'd be fucking pissed.  Also does that make newborns sexual predators since they constantly have tits in their mouth?
 And lose my job??? Are you crazy?
 Stop being such a bigot!
 No flouoride just gums up your penal gland and keeps you from opening your third eye you shill.
 My god... this man is white... obviously all white people are child rapists!
 I'm 17 and a half and not an NYC resident for at least another 10 months. Fuck. I wanted 200 bucks. Us New Jerseyians are basically New Yorkers amirite? fistpumpfistpumpfistpump.
 I know that whole stupid supply and demand thing is bullshit...
 Holy shit how many flaming trucks are there?
 Oh no! you're so ignorant!
 Kick puppies
 Learning is stupid unless it makes you money!  Only money has value!
 No it doesn't matter at all! Fuck the 3DS and Zelda! Everything on rhe 3DS is garbage! Yay for Vita! Oh wait wrong forum.
 You're a real hero for setting that evil bitch straight.
 My guess is carp or crap.
 pro players are supposed to be above this kind of thing a role model perfect human beings they should never be allowed to get angry and lash out. thats a normal people thing. fucking normal people. scumbags.
 Did she feel pressured in any way?  Did she think you might not like her unless she had sex with you?  If so then you're an evil rapist just like every other man.
 Oh so the drugs that YOU deem okay to be addicted to are... not bad? Fuck sorry I half expected you to be a rational human being. Quit promoting the nicotine junkie lifestyle you loser!!
 I don't get it If you need a computer get one that suits your fucking needs. Is this really necessary? Why are all apple fans such propagandists?   woah as im typing this i have a Kraft macaroni and cheese sticker on my macbook pro? weird?
 But see you're not citing professional movie/art critics so you're automatically stupid.  Duh.
 OMG you misogynistic pig! Women are not sex objects!
 oh good. at least you're not being bitchy.
 Yeah the yoga coach in my Wii Fit is totally a Holy Roller.  Hate the bitch.
 But are you kidding me? See how she flaunts her shoulders? She is clearly after cock.
 Pedophilia is a sexual orientation. You just can't help it when those young boys are being so sexy with their crying and confusion in your rape van. We should let men and boys love each other in the butt like God obviously intended.
 Damn dude you're everywhere!
 Obv these woman can't take care of themselves can't have no floosy's going around fucking anybody god imagine all the rapists!
 Checked all his employees cars for an Obama sticker. Totally not an asshole move.
 No you transphobic cis male scum.
 Friendzoned? Oh...that sucks. Now you have to be friends with a girl. How awful. She was obviously obligated to see you as more because you payed attention to her.
 And now you're an anarchist damn they are right!
 Damn right! No one should own an animal! Let's take all the piggies and doggies and kitties of the world and set them free! Let them roam back in the wild!
 Damn now you have to send your boobs. Otherwise he won't believe you!
 the jersey ads! they're hideous!
 THAT'S WHAT YOU GET FOR BREAKING THE LAW ASSHOLE.
 This is a stupid idea. Without the war on drugs how else are we going to lock up the poor and dark people? Jeez.
 because those homos will try and recruit your kids!!
 Maokai is already OP as fuck we don't need to give him good skins on top of that.
 LOLZ none of you know anything about Econ or Business or stuff like I do. Maybe one day you'll work a *real* job and pay taxes and *then* you'll understand!  The Democraps (and Commies and hippies and almost all of the coloreds) are all unemployed and leeching off the state because they're lazy and shiftless so when it comes to income tax that the libruls so love they make sure the only people that get taxed are the hard-working god-fearing right. So yeah the left gets their gubmint money because they're lazy and fuck everybody else!
 Isn't capitalism great?  I mean fuck those commie socialists they just want to supress our rights!
 GOD you guys are gay
 Wow it's almost like not all Christians are assholes!
 I like how much of a douche bag you are to the innocent people you murder unfairly after you kill them. It really restores my faith in 12 year olds.
 Shut up!
 Shits 200 pound gold bricks every morning.  I want to be his zoo keeper and pick up after him.
 Shutup clearly the cause of all the worlds problems are you working class losers.
 So you're afraid of the evil Europeans? Those damn European foreigners!
 They just shoot you blame you for living at the right address and let the city pay out the ass for it. If you LIVE.
 yep like OSX is just crap. thats why the hackintosh community is total nuts. You are totaly right.
 What? A black man can't enjoy a cigar? Everyone who likes cigars really is a racist old white man!
 They gonna sperm jack me!
 Gosh those stupid Americans making jokes on Twitter. WTF is wrong with people. I feel like moving out of shame.
 They're already suckling at the welfare teet by attending public schools. Damned leeches.
 Shocker a random player that's a Dick. You neevveerrr see thhaatt or them cheesing you
 And fuck people who don't play halo they can always wonder what those rings are!
 do the research you zionist shill!!!
 He was harassing them!  This stupid police state!  HE INVADED THEIR RIGHTS AND WAS ILLEGALLY DETAINED THEM!!
 Oooh ... I hope you aren't calling Obama dumb because that will make you a racist.
 Thanks for sharing r0ugew0lf! Are you going to let us know when you decide to take a shit?! I'm dying to know!
 Those bastards!
 But! Who cares if you like the city as a whole or have friends and family here or like living here?! YOU DISLIKE SXSW YOU ARE A HORRIBLE PERSON and no true Scot-Austinite! YOU MUST LEAVE NAO.
 No such thing as cyclist lanes in Texas! Go back to your commie communes in California you tree hugging hippies!
 Because what counts is what's offensive to Jewish eyes. You inferior goyim we're not discriminating you're all animals and don't matter. Sieg heil the Master Race!
 Oh so now they're  kid  huh? First it was  nigger  then  boy . Sack of shit.
 Yay Dolphins vs. Jets to see who suck the most!
 PS3 sucks. Shaw rules. Get with it JC.
 Americans don't want no nigga eggs. dagnammit.
 No. You namby pamby sissy pants!!!!
 Yeah lol Redditors are such hipsters. I'm from 4chan and we create *everything*. our site is so pure and unfiltered only badasses can go on it reddit is for pussies lol. OC FTW lolol!
 Ewww boobies! Wtf!
 What did you just say? Say it again! Killer fatwa for you you infidel.
 Naw man fuck these guys giving away money if I'm going to get money I'm going to get a lot of it!
 Fuck. The U.S. will stage a false-flag self bomb and blame it on Iran and force the American people to believe and accept that it was Iran.
 You may well just break the news to him that he sucks and save him any further embarrassment.
 Wow that omnibus crime bill sure worked fast. This will surely shut up all the left wing liberal cry babies.
 I hope my future daughter won't meet a retarded person like him
 They don't think it *be* like it is but it do. Jeez. You sound like an idiot without the *be*. Gosh.
 You guys and girls are just racists.
 You type pretty fast for a 96 year old on his deathbed all that text in three seconds... I smell bullshit!
 A lack of safety and people dying in Mexico this really is WTF.
 When Americans stop being idiots.
 OH MY GO IT'S A PENIS THAT'S SO FUNNY
 OMG REALLY! Your mom is a cruel heartless human being. How could she do something like that!? Its still not too late you know what to do TheIdesoflight. The fate of the world is in your hands now.
 Oh you support getting a cure to Alzheimers - you must hate people with cancer!!!
 You don't understand.   You can only be a pedo if you are a democrat!  When Republicans sexually harass under age pages it's totally fine !   Jesus will forgive me !
 RAICYST!  See guys I told you black people are more racist than white people.
 Well aren't you a cuss.
 Weapons? Fuck a trial. He deserved to be executed by starvation.
 Nothing turns guys off. We could be looking at the most disgusting disease ridden razor sharp thing imaginable and still secretly want to stick our dick in there. Seriously it gets us into all sorts of trouble
 Penises cause rape just like   guns cause shooting and   spoons cause fatness.
 If the government is able to guess random key then I guess were fucked either way
 What you want to see things? You entitled pretentious piece of crap Wollay will make the game however he wants!
 Must be because that damn muslin wants to piss off the pope and show him who is the most powerful man in the world.
 That US Flag is fucked up. The British Flag is also symmetrical  1/10 Wouldn't look at again
 Oh god she made a duckface in one of her pictures. She might literally be worse than Hitler.
 NO shitlord perfection has no standard. Everyone is perfect unless they have a peen then they are rapists. Perfect rapists.   Words are cis shitlord.
 Damn you for not knowing this!
 HE SAID NO MATTER HOW STUPID JEEZ DONT YOU KNOW WHAT AN ABSOLUTE STATEMENT IS
 Now you have a reprint of a reprint of a reprint of a print.  So shut the fuck up.  Good job calling OP out though... because this painting is totally obscure and nobody has ever seen it before... and the artists deserves some credit
 rape is hilarious!
 Right feeling good about being yourself instead of subscribing to a gender role is totally bullshit.
 Curse you o crusher of dreams.  Your heart is as cold as the glaciers of your home state.
 That's crazy-talk you freedom-hating communist. I bet you don't like to hear about the impending race war or the homosexual agenda being pushed by the DOJ.
 Sexual Harassment! Hey-O!
 Everyone you are just not working hard enough. You lazy bums.
 What do you have against Muslims you bigot
 WHAT????  Now I know how Giants fans felt when we signed Wilson!  DAMN YOU LILY!!!!
 He's just a cannibal OP he meant nothing sexual by it!
 Yeah but he left two on base. What a selfish asshole.
 You just used a straw man argument again! Haha this is too funny.  You should go ahead and look that up before you comment again.  Keep calling people a dipshit- it's totally classy and doesn't make it obvious you're a teenager.
 Thanks for the down vote guys. I eventually found a shit ton of these on 9gag. Fucking 9gag. So thanks so much for the help.
 Yea all white people are racist.
 I don't know about you but I find all of my stress oozes out with the yucky puss its a healing process.
 YEAH! I had a roommate who shot a guy who was also a Patriots fan. Patriots fans are murderers!
 OH NOES!  TEH BROWN PEOPLES ARE COMIN TO TAKE MY TRUCK AND AMERICAN PIE!!!
 you could never find a bunch of videos of white people being assholes
 You idiots and your 'science'. This is obviously the work of Jesus.
 STFU and hurry up with my Mini 9!
 Athiei**
 If they show their dick they're a chick. Duh! A dude would never be so obvious about it.
 Yes of course. They're going to nuke their own country which they have already have power over because that gives them *nothing* extra.   Hurray! We have power over an irradiated country! Wait - that's really fucking stupid!
 The dude kills kittens for giggles.
 Hey jerk he got it from amazon from a seller called cycling deals.
 But...but doctor what about the serious side effects??? I hate having a comfortable sleep and enjoying my meals is so disgusting. Can't you give me an alternative pill that totally fucks up my organs and gets me addicted to lab chemicals? I beg you doctor...don't do this to me I hate healthy forms of medicine.
 ur seeing someone who is not me i hate u bitch
 So you're racist.
 Yeah injuries at the beginning of a career really fuck with the rest of a QB's career.
 But all men in India are rapists though. If you starve them young you prevent rape.
 I sobbed so fucking much that I am now totally convinced by your first link.
 Lazy foreigners stealing our jobs.
 Yea man I know. FUCKIN BACKGROUNDS ARE JUST TOO OUTRAGEOUS.
 Ehh. Sometimes I wish my more extreme country men would get their views. Would be so fun to slander the hell out of some poor sap and make loads of cash off selling bull shit stories. Stupid laws keeping me from ruining people for the cash and chuckles.
 Yeah! Make better choices people! Abstinence is key! Ignore your nature's instinct to have sex with your loved one. Sex is Evil! And if you have sex your penis will fall off and be sent to a dimension of dogs that will eat it! Oh and condoms actually give you STD's not prevent them!
 Kill yourself! Never be sick again! Or anything for what it matters. :
 Sure is fun!! Slicing people up an playing Russian roulette and betting who's gonna live and who's gonna die!! Being a surgeon is heaps fun!!!
 Didn't you know drunk people don't deserve justice only bicycles. DUH. GOD YOU ARE SUCH A RETARD SOMETIMES!
 I will probably have this damn SONG stuck in my head all weekend.  thanks
 Yay who wouldn't enjoy getting 3 months of good play and then 3 years of fuck all
 *damn socialists*
 Yeah stupid wild animals ruining the wilderness.
 -_-  Do you understand the purpose of an ADC in a team fight?  To deal as much consistent damage as possible to anyone they can hit. If Kennen charges in to aoe stun the enemy team he's going to die or at least not be auto attacking. Annie has 50 range over most ADCs!? Holy shit that'll totally make up for the total lack of any AD steroid or AD abilities at all!
 HA HA HA ruining lives such a stitch! Funny!
 Anything girly is obviously stupid and not allowed.
 Whatever you ditzy pushover slutbitch.
 You don't let the prostitutes get away with anything?  What an asshole.
 Yep r/FFFUUU's not going down the shitter. Quality FFFUUUs EVERYDAY.
 BECAUSE ISRALE SUCKS AND THEY ARE THE BAD GAIS SO EVERYTHING THAT IS AGAINST THEM IS GOOD!!!!!
 Seriously! I've been told my ENTIRE LIFE not to have unprotected sex yet when I choose to have unprotected sex anyway nobody understands why that doesn't make me a fucking idiot. All of you people saying these kids deserved the consequences of their actions have never done something on purpose knowing that it was going to turn out horribly bad. Just because they could've killed somebody else with their stupidity and arrogance doesn't mean they should be punished.
 Yeah because people in Denver had no idea that a game was being played in that giant fucking stadium without seeing a gargantuan banner of Joe Flacco.
 Yes because propaganda has  never been the driving force behind any fucked up immoral corrupt sadistic legislation ever made to pass.
 Yeah but she's hot! And bisexual!
 Don't break the USA hate circle! America sucks duh!
 Guys can't be raped they should be grateful for any sex they get.
 What's her name? I'm tired of having Chinese and Indian every fucking night..
 Yeah you're doing it wrong by waking up in time to get to work.  Idiot.
 **THIS GAME SUCKS HAVEN'T SEEN A GREAT CHANCE IN TWO MINUTES**
 The Holocaust too damn Germany you need to step your game up.
 I always like it when people try and sneak in a big word or two to try and sound smart. Oh yeah and throwing in  fuck  or  shit to sound even more important.
 Wow you horrible bastard.
 Oh damn fellas he's serious. I'd better pack my stone shovel next time I go to raze their town.
 But dude it totally gets like trapped in your spinal cord and then like you crack your back and just like freak out and die.
 You sound like such a terrible parent!
 They had to disable the language filter so 10 year olds can call you a  nigger cunt fuck face  and re render all the teabag physics because the same 10 year olds want more  lift and separate .
 *God* you're such a *buzzkill*.
 b...but thats a generalization how DARE you stereotype any culture at all *ever*  you're horrible for even *considering* it
 Maybe because he got his facts wrong.  Up-B THEN C-stick? You can't do that.  Did this guy *ever* play Smash?!
 Typical guy. We can't just have a picture of the crayon he has to be in it himself. Next time just take a picture of the crayon you camera whore
 But but but but that's too haaaaaaard! They're just keeeeeeeeds! You don't know what you're talking about because you're not a paaaaahhhrrrrrunttt!!!
 You're worried about that? Stay at home mom's are the real home wreckers. They're obviously going to fuck any man that is near the house (repair men mail carriers etc.)
 Which of the following would be the best opening message to you?  A. A dick pic  B. Shitty erotica  C. Degradation  D. Negging  E.  All of the above   Thanks for your time.  Enclosed is a picture of my dick.
 Because they're lazy and don't give a shit about OP right? Right? Because police are evil?  Or there's another possibility: The only description OP could provide was  yea-high Black male wearing red in such-and-such part of town.  Which narrows it down like none. Which means the police have nothing to go on and have to chalk it up as a loss.  But your first theory's probably right. Fuck the police always.
 Al-Qaeda was super fucked up a couple years ago but they haven't been caught doing anything wrong in the past couple of months idk why everyone is so mad.
 Really 'the psychopath' for a guy who threw a single sucker punch? Yeah you're totally not over-stating things.
 It's easy to have low crime rates when you MAKE KILLING BABIES LEGAL!!!
 What are you doing on le Reddit you NSA shill? Everyone knows this is all part of the USA plan to start war in the middle east. Stupid Obama is no better than Bush and we aren't going to be fooled this time. Stop buying into USA lies everyone knows Assad could not have used the gas because probably the USA did it to justify invading Syria for billions in corporate money. Take your propaganda thinly disguised as rational-sounding call for critical thinking back to the military-industrial complex you fascist.
 But speaking fake old timey British English sooo fuuun
 Bullshit you totally have makeup on. Get real.
 That's because you're too busy mugging and raping women!
 Good idea... and we can stop admitting patients who drink like a fish to the hospital who smoke or do bungie jumping etc. All incredibly stupid people who don't deserve help.
 Yes fuck this man and his horrifically injured sister because he may have debatably worded his post title slightly less than tactfully.
 Welfare paid for all of that while they sit on their ass pooping out kids.
 Its a dumb idea to turn a paper towel roll into two toilet paper rolls. Because destroying the roll with a knife is a lot better than just spinning some loose to use at the toilet until you can buy more toilet paper.
 Why don't you just change your flair back to  a little baby  and go CRY TO YOUR MOMMY.
 BUT ***LE*** RAGE FACES MAKE EVERYTHING FUNNIER!!!!!!!
 Yeah right they are criminal scum and should be locked up.
 Hope you like down votes then. Critiques add nothing to the content.  I snapped a quick photo of what I  plated  in order to share.  Had I known I needed a fucking photography studio to share I wouldn't have bothered sharing. I really don't have the time or the patience to setup my studio lights and go pester my sister for her Nikon to take a fucking snapshot.  It's food in this case it was meant to be 'quick and dirty'. Next time I have a cool idea I'll make certain to run it through you for quality control.
 YEAH BUT THAT'S RACIST. YOU CAN'T JUST ASSUME THAT BECAUSE A KID IS BLACK HIS OR HER DAD IS BLACK TOO.
 Don't get me started on that jackass Bob Saget and his  show .
 Because knowing for a fact that a random guy is jerking off to you probably repeatedly by the sound of it is SO SEXY
 Yeah but you're lazy and he's a hard working job creator.
 I get it!  Because we're all obese and lazy!! Hahahahaaha that's so funny.
 They said pick up chicks. Not rape chicks. Ben and Kobe can go grab a beer together though.
 Tsk tsk body shaming of young boys. Society obviously should be restructured so that we aren't telling young boys their bodies are objects to be ashamed of.   Oh wait it was a boy and a penis. How disgusting that we're letting them oppress others with crude depictions of genitalia. He got what he deserved.
 Damn it... when are us fatties going to get a Fat Pride Day?  Id say we could have a march but it probably should be a bunch of us on fat people movers.  FAT PRIDE 4 LYFE!
 *why won't you think about the bad lobbies that will sell your children's blood if you put a camera in front of your house??????*  Wake up sheeple!!1!111!1!
 YEAH! Have some basic dignity about not using your body as intended and catering to those around you who don't grasp the idea that breasts aren't genitals!
 So you're telling me Cody kicking big shows leg as he climbed into the ring so he accidentally stepped on a table to end the match was a bad finish!? You're craaazy!
 And dirty rapesex magazines and cigars and BEER!!
 I forgot that AIDS only affects homosexuals.
 And bring back enslavement of the jews while youre at it.
 The difference is that she's a strong independent woman whose been through a traumatic event and you're a lowlife scumbag who sells hardcore drugs and probably worships Satan!
 That's not Mickey!!?? Are you trying to fool me? Mickey is a human/mouse hybrid not a bad imitation of boba fett
 That was a disgusting act by Randy Moss!!
 Pfffft you are like *soooooo* wrong. You have to crouch and aim down sight and stuff. And throw grenades. Minecraft and Skyrim are for faggots!
 But surely a women's argument that she will make less money even if there is data proving this argument false must be more important than men dying being homeless having less success in education and having no access to their children!!!! Goddamn misogynist!!!! I bet you are a rape apologist also!
 Wow just wow... I love how everything biblical explains itself cyclically recursively and in a plain ole big fuckin circle. WHY THE HELL is part of the bible ok to quote but not the rest??? WHY THE HELL do the fundies get so damn pissed when a non-fundie knows their book of fairy tales better than they do? Is there some kinda cliff notes out there about which verses really pertain to real life? My neighbor is broke and hard up for money I'm sure he'd like to sell 2 of his 3 daughters.
 Actually I wonder how much stylists might perpetuate the +4 myth because HEAVENS FORFEND we see a hint of back fat. Quadboob = sexy back fat = gross!
 Wow. You are a real badass!
 Wow he would buy strawberries and then *let* you feed them to him! Like a servant!   What a lucky girl you are!
 My bad. Yes it's  Google Fiber .  Damn you Americans and your weird English spelling.
 GenderBender*Human* you insensitive bigot.
 You're crazy they're just money grubbing corporations.
 So... you missed the part where I said  clear a background check .  Nice reading comprehension I can totally give your opinion as much weight as the opinions of those who know what the fuck they're talking about.
 You are a racist sir.
 He is fat guy in a white suit with a stick.  Superb cosplay.
 *gasp* Racism!
 Seriously you are defending this movie. What did you like work on it or something? I hope you did I'm gonna pirate the shit out of it and sit out side a theater and hand them free copies telling them not to waste there money on this drivel. You insult my intelligence but you defend this film. Let me guess you also liked Fast and Furious and Deja Vu? How was Meet the Spartans by the way? I'm sure you are stoked to see Vampires Suck the trailer totally had me loling.
 What the fuck? Rational thought? Thats not allowed. You *have* to buy the consoles at launch date otherwise you aren't a *pro* gamer and should just go play WiiU
 pretty sure it ruins your credit and you have to be shot in a gang dispute
 I'm gonna buy a Window's PC to show Microsoft I dont want their shitty console!
 Internet tough guy here! I bet your balls are huuuuuge bro.
 Damn Lexus vehicles and their unintended acceleration!
 LEBRON LIKES TOUCHING KIDS? MORE AT 10 O CLOCK AND WHAT YOU CAN DO TO PREVENT CHILD RAPE.
 What better way is there to proclaim that you're not gay by killing a homosexual?  This totally makes lots of sense.
 It's funny because you're implying she's black.
 Excuse me but according to criminals009 your mother is an immoral shark. Shame on her for trying to make a profit or even hold down a job.
 WHAT?! Everyone knows the world began 6000 years ago and that all homosexuals burn in hell because they can't be good people!
 Yeah what fucking psychos to be torn up about losing a child they were expecting to have.
 Yeah **fuck them** for trying to make the method by which the provide an awesome free service more friendly and useful.
 Haha gay with a capital G. Who knows what those Homosexuals are up to? Nothin' Jesus would approve of.
 LOL DICK PICS AMIRIGHT!
 Oh but the gay agenda is totally real. You can buy a membership card and everything.
 Totally different situations. I don't want my president getting a blowjob while he spies on me. Totally uncool.
 You're allowed to have any preference you want I guess unless a black person gets offended by it. Then you sir are a RACIST!
 Welcome to manhood ;p. If you like women you're straight but if you like women and so much as *experiment* with a guy in college you're gay. And gay means you're not a man.
 OH just get a large bore shotgun and shoot it renovating your walls at the same time with a few large holes.  Remember it is not nice to shoot or kill your neighbors!
 If you weren't born poor into a poor community you wouldn't be here now would you you damn poor people are selfish.  I need my damn payroll bonus for keeping hours under stop thinking about yourself and your damn rent I have a house and a vacation to pay for.
 Someone accomplishes something that is very cool and difficult better be a dick to make myself feel better about all these n00bs I get stuck with.
 Well hell since you're a fan of double standards then lets get rid of women's right to vote while we're at it.
 He should just pick himself up by his bootstraps and be rich.  Lazy whiner.
 Thats why I sleep in school... damn my future is bright
 sick bike!
 Right! People condemning a terrorist attack... what shills!
 Call?  What is this the fucking stone age?  We text bro.
 Dude you can't be a srs business dungeon crawler man with a wolf at your side. That's totally gay.
 Oh yeah? Well  stupider  isn't a word! Nyah!
 Yeah fuck people who run! I mean what good are the doing for the world with the whole  I'm healthy  routine.
 You should buy  Root   from the play store for $4.20 or you're a fagit
 It's just a truth of nature gosh you liberal arts SRSistas are sooooooooo predictable!!!!11!1!
 Yeah it's not the guns that are killing people it's the sex toys anal sex and blowjobs that's doing it. If you had the sex in the mandatory missionary position these shootings would have never happened you harlet.
 I know yay Reddit the bastion of kindness.  The ruler of all that is juicy and warm and fuzzy.  We care about everyone and treat everyone with respect and kindness.  Why we just randomly go around and hug people and tell them about Reddit.  Unless you're white Christian male southern.   Fuck those guys they could be homeless and we'd piss on them all for being the first things way more than the last.
 LOL guys! Balls! Hahahahaha!
 Of course he does! He has a penis!  Duh!
 Please tell me all about how Harper has 'stuck it to the gays'.
 Ehh they didn't use *that* much Wildfire in the show. I mean it's not like the pyromancers created more wildfire than had been previously seen in the realm ever then muthafuckin Tyrion filled a dozen ships with wildfire and trapped the ships in the bay with a giant fucking *chain* causing even more death and destruction as they get swept into the burning dam of wreckage in the current of the Blackwater Rush. That'd just be insane.
 No but we did cover sex with chickens and goats.
 Nuh uh dumbass didn't you watch Harold and Kumar.
 This is the same as what I always hear women say. Something about how you can tell if the man you're on a date with is worth a shit by the way he treats your waitress. I dunno. I just tune the bitch out.
 A shirt around your boot?  Such a wuss.  You should lighten your load and drop the shirts and boots.
 Yeah it really sucks how inexperienced and not intimidating your returning d-line is.
 Hmmm...  Girl of youthful age flashing breasts ...  Pedobear older man aside her...  Reddit I commend you on your attempt to suppress child sexuality.
 I know right sounds crazy to me too. Did you know they've tried this before too they actually sent a camera to the moon and sent pack images to televisions. Populist fucks.
 If the top 1% see an increase in revenue while the rest get fucked It means everyone wins right? It trickles down! That's what Dubya said!
 Stop that. Put your reading and your logic away you jack boot thug!
 He can't. It's impossible for neckbeards to lose steam after being riled up like that.   Seriously OP.   The AUDACITY of posting your gender! Shame shame.
 What I'm saying is if you're unhappy about living somewhere and decide to fuck other peoples shit up because of it you'd be better off somewhere else.  No wait you are right. Let's put them in prison for a year and see if they feel more happy about the situation once they come out again. Personally I think being put in jail would definitely make me happier and less likely to cause riots.
 You should have been careful!  The Gay is contagious don'tcha know!  Just knowing gay people puts you at risk!
 You're saying you can  cure  homosexuality?  Skip to step 5 my friend.
 What a crock. Everyone knows that atheists have no morals.
 Because fuck the system and the man man. Right? Am I right?
 Flip the thing and there's a latch right? But mile-high sex is so much better than sea level sex!
 Waaaah! But people switching from Windows to Linux shouldn't have to learn anything about Linux! Linux should be just like Windows except it shouldn't suck!
 Because nuclear will kill us all and turn us into mutants!!
 Whoa whoa whoa you're just gonna turn down a straight shooter like that?  You're missing out on a guy who's got his shit together.  I think you missed out on a golden career opportunity!
 Living a lavish lifestyle has nothing to do with it. Are you saying poor people can't be self centered attention demanding douchebags?   A) everytime you open your lout do anything say anything you're putting on an act. You're acting like you. Much the same way people say they're on a  diet  when in reality they're always been on a diet. Just a shittier one. A diet is what you eat.  B) there is no reason to burst out into a show tunes song because your friend is talking to someone else. (Have literally had this happen to me. Was talking to buddy mentioned below at his apartment. 1 of his theater friends was there and mid conversation I'm talking to my buddy. They just start shouting some song next us. What the fuck is that about)  Trust me. One of my best friends from high school is a theater major. He's a great guy. And some of his friends are alright and I enjoy hanging out with them. But the vast majority are clueless about the world think they're the center of it are generally pretentious. And completely fucking annoying. And it's painfully obvious everything they do is to gain acceptance from their acting peers because they're the only people that matter obviously. Actors are soooo much better and more interesting then everyone else but people just don't *get* it.
 That's unpatriotic talk there! Murica fuck yeah!  USA USA USA!
 Yeah but according to big business it's good for us and the competition they create with each other (all 3.5 of them Sprint and T-Mobile are really only .25 each) without all that backroom dealing to keep prices high makes America a great capitalist country!  America Fuck Yeah!!!!
 Well yeah because guys kick really hard and might crush his poor testiculars. He needs a delicate lady to do it.
 yeah they have such a rock solid ideology that it is hard to argue with.  The #1 problem facing america is muslims followed by mexicans gays blacks atheists and then the economy.  Stupid fucking dems keep working on the economy when the hell are they going to fix the real problems the de-whiting of america
 Tanning products are racist against white people!
 Yeah! OP tried to use proper grammar! What a cunt!
 Married man? Your... husband?!  You... YOU MONSTER!!!!
 And you're being a whiny redditor... OH I GET IT! This is your shot at getting in her pants. You ol Casanova you
 Gosh! Can't a ridiculously attractive guy make just *one* post without getting swarmed with dripping vaginas?!
 Oh yes you SIR are down voted!  That is totally uncalled for!  How dare you bring up fact when people are so fervently in belief of the lies!!! SHAME!  For that people MUST down vote you because that cannot possible be true!!!   They were not old and in need of severe renovation!!!  They did not need to be cleaned of totally poisonous asbestos wrapped pipes and concrete!!! THe insurance companies did want to waste HUGE amounts of money on the cleaning of that poisonous asbestos they really REALLY really wanted to I swear!    The Israeli company Zim-American Israeli Shipping Co. did NOT at all abandon their HQ at the WTC 1 week before the attack which is 49% owned by the Israeli Gov't!!!  No not at all!!!  How dare you bring up such baseless fact as that to this argument!!!   THEY  should down vote you without reason any time you suggest such a thing.  FOR SHAME SIR!!    Everyone should keep living a lie and ignore critical fact!!!
 Good for you this is what makes our healthcare the best in the world. America fuck yeah!
 I'm in the middle of the state and love Chicago but man your politicians fuck us hard downstate.  Yes I'm blaming all of the state's problems on Chicago.
 Yeah fuck the civil rights movements gay rights movements huge strides in science and other fields and general higher standards of living.
 *Yes because the scary psychopathic Jews control everything. You're just a helpless hamster running in their wheel*
 Monogamous Relationships? You Harlot!
 It's a shame he's such a dumbass compared to Franklin I kinda wanted him dead in the mission [where you and that guy go shoot up some place and have to buy a shotgun with flashlight]
 `rsync` saved my final exam! holy shit you guys
 If you're black and you fire a warning shot; 20 years.  If your white and you kill a black man; free.  Yep sounds fair to me.  No racism in Amerika.  We don't need no stinkin civil rats.
 Those Aussies old habits die hard I guess
 Benghazi is only relevant when it can be used for an attack on Barrack *Hussein* silly demo.
 Not from the states!? Well aren't you ignorant!
 Don't you understand that simply by typing the word rape as a white heterosexual male you have committed rape?
 Oh I know I'm a 1 percenter. I literally hate poor people and JP Morgan was a brilliant genius in fucking over the 99s. I'm shocked that you came to such a particular and accurate conclusion from my obvious shot at Tesla. It's not like I was just stating what I may or may not have thought to be fact.
 ANIMAL SLAVERY YOU ASSFACE!
 What a charming user not at all a complete dickbag
 I was flying to Calgary a few years ago to see my brothers Air Canada wanted something like $900 round trip so I decided to go with westjet for $480. Fuck Air Canada!
 Yeah!  Because any time you can lose one of your biggest clients you should go for it!  Screw your face it didn't need that nose!  Cut it off that's a great move.
 I agree anyone with Young Jeezy should be locked up!
 Oh my god you don't look like you're from Manchester how dare you support United! You're a terrible person!
 The point of EBT is to supply poor people with beans and rice. Anything else is a waste of taxpayer dollars. Those poor people are lucky that we don't let them just starve how dare they think they're allowed to have such things as candy or meat or anything else.  THEY SHOULD JUST SCRAP THE ENTIRE SYSTEM AND ISSUE RATIONS! ONE POUND OF BEANS AND ONE POUND OF RICE PER PERSON PER WEEK. IF YOU RUN OUT THEN FUCK YOU YOU DON'T HAVE THE PERSONAL ACCOUNT ABILITY TO RATION.
 Is this homosexual propaganda?
 So black people are made when little white girls take meth! I knew it!
 IF YOU'D SHUT THE FUCK UP I CAN READ MY LIST! PATRIARCHY PATRIARCHY DID I MENTION PATRIARCHY ALREADY?
 Reddit has always sucked
 BUT THEY'RE ALL EVIL MURDER-DOOHICKIES!!!!! ESPECIALLY THOSE ONES WITH THE THINGS THAT GO UP
 You broadcast your SSID??   ...*n00b*
 I know carrying a full size spare is stupid and nobody should ever do that.
 I'm going to agree with this.  To be fair I don't know why other people are such chumps. Why would you use your turn signal to warn me you're coming in my lane? I mean *hello* I'm just going to speed up and not let you in.
 But only women can control their sexual urges! Men are just blind crazy sex-maniacs.
 You guys don't have a Keurig? *scoff* Barabarians.
 Who gives a fuck if you've being studying diligently in medieval history? Are firms supposed to give you a job because you're knowledgeable in a subject that they have absolutely no need for? Go become a historian don't just expect the job market to give you everything you want.    *I'm going to go diligently  study  video-games for the rest of the day and when no one wants to hire me i'm going to blame the education system.*
 Dude he is obviously a diamond player he is just stuck in elo hell with scrubs
 Its a marijuana stick.
 probably because you're all godless animals
 This is ridiculous!  Surely a black kid holding an A graded paper? No?
 Yeah. Girls give horrible Hand jobs. She should have given him a blow job!
 sarcasm But...but you're all Ubuntu refugees! You can't be trusted!
 Some of them even give you a blow job while you're getting it done!  Wow!!  Fantastic!
 I don't quite see it as a step forward. Feminists these days seem to love and care about only women's rights and LGBTQ rights.  If you're a cis gendered straight male you're fucked and seen as a 'majority' and don't need campaign posters.  I'm a woman and I was offended at this because it's still essentially saying  ONLY MEN RAPE.   Never could a woman commit sexual assault!
 Oh I get it. You used a play on words on an image of a dick made of meat. Very Funny.
 Remember when fundies used a tragedy as an agenda to push their beliefs? They were so stupid.
 You're a race traitor is what you are.
 Oh yeah. Totally Jesse's fault that Walt sold him to some Meth cooking nazis.
 I guess this time the WBC really will be able to blame it on homosexuals.
 Why are you being so hateful CloudDrone?  Couldn't you just be a good little atheist and just shut up about all of your beliefs instead of being so hatefully intolerant?
 Jesus you sound like a real funtime in the sack.
 Don't be silly. He is a white guy
 Conspiracy theorists will never shut the fudge up about this or anything really.   Clearly this guy is just a shill of the big banks and was set up by Obama himself.
 So I guess this means the end of any videos coming from fans.   Great fucking job Youtube using your resources for good.
 do you have a penis?   yes: you a rapist. if you havent raped yet go rape someone its in your blood.    no: you are a victim. watch out you will be raped soon!
 How dare black people try to force their way into our private white establishment. The fuck is wrong with them.
 a lesbian feminist...hmm...I'm sure you give the **real** feminists a good name.
 *The Wizard of Oz* is not bro enough. It's super faggy.
 You want cancer? No? Garner hours of sympathy votes while you vomit your guts up and lose all your dignity.... really wonderful feeling. Really.
 No that dog is evil! He probably tried to kill your kids when you werent looking! You probably hid the pictures of your kids after they were bitten and murdered!   Murderer lover!!!!
 Fake. Atheists don't have sex.
 5 of your units just got buffed one too powerful unit got nerfed. Zerg truly sucks now
 That's cool but you're wrong and I hate you.
 you mean to tell me facebook is making money off me? I call bullshit.
 I know right! You beat the shit out of your girlfriend one time and all of the sudden your the bad guy.
 But then how will people know how cool and hip he is without knowing what music he listens to? Dude this guy he really really needs to express himself. It's not enough to listen to his music with headphones on because then only he is listening to the music. What's the point in that? Music is meant to be shared especially with strangers. And if they wake up in the middle of the night or are interrupted from studying because of how loud his music is they should go and thank him for exposing them to new music. Music is a form of self-expression that can only be achieved by making sure everyone else knows what the fuck you're listening to and how hard your bass can go.  Back the fuck off man. Haters gonna hate.
 **Kill her so no one else finds out.**
 Well she WAS able to identify the stages of mitosis as Junior in high school when everybody else was too fucking moronic to remember the material
 Yeah she's hideous
 All I know is whenever I come into r/atheism to tell you douchebags that you're douchebags the hivemind here downvotes me. Thus proving you're douchebags.
 **No.** This is a satanic study designed to brainwash our youth!
 BURN THEM!!!!!
 How the fuck  Can even you ask that question?
 **tl;dr**: He's an anti-Semitic Nazi baby killer as anyone who supports Palestine is.
 Haha holy shut you actually used school for its purpose? Wtf???
 Damn you and your facts! I want freebies because i brought it first when nothing was out. So nintendo owes me money!
 You're right he deserves to be put down for that. Clearly he was going to RAPE her.  Jesus it was in public.. he does the 'praying' thing as a way to probably say 'oh please oh please oh please' and he leaned in for a kiss waiting to see if she would lean in as well..  But yeah that fucker should get the chair.
 Folding pocketknife taped to an M67 fragmentation grenade.  Nobody fucks with the dude that pulls that out of his pocket.
 Well the refs gift-wrapped a TD for us. Clearly we're just a shitty team with luck on our side.
 You're rightsuccessful people are free game to ridicule
 What? What are you talking about?!!   Go yankess baby!!!!!!!!
 You monster.
 nice now i wont be stuck in elo hell!!!
 A hedge fund?  Clearly stealing millions and throwing back scraps to keep the 99% placated!!!!!
 SHUT UP NO ONE WANTS TO HEAR WHAT YOU HAVE TO SAY!
 3000 rounds? You heartless killer!
 What?   He gets to draw two cards what a dick move bro!
 Call him?  WTF!  Why didn't they just shoot him?
 Oh my gosh your so tall. Do you play basketball?   No I am a horse jocky.
 BUT SHE'S A GIRL SHE SHOULDN'T HAVE TO LEARN ON HER OWN FOR FREE LIKE A DUMB GUY!
 Nope. But being able to write a check gets you the best care possible as quickly as possible and because you are rich you don't need to worry about starving because you can't work anymore...  But your bullshit straw man argument is very insightful well done.
 Darn those video games! Training killers like this man!
 NOOOOOOO!!! AUTISM IS ONLY CAUSED BY VACCINATIONS!!!! AAHHHHAH JENNY MCCARTHY AHHHH!!!1!
 Another case of Reddit and the internet snowballing into a giant angry mob from jumping to conclusions. Black girls bullying a white girl? It MUST be racially motivated... not just kids being dumb kids.
 *Gasp* He's trying to bring people together and maybe just maybe achieve a little peace in the world!  Well we can't fucking have that now can we?
 Yup. Using sex as a tool
 Nononono! We only ridicule truck owners! When it's a smart it's cool!
 Apparently badass trucks and bitching guns mean short clocks. Who knew?
 Yeah super out of line for anyone to assume you might care about your friends to the extent that you give a shit about the big things that happen in their lives.
 You're right. Rapists and child molesters have their purpose.
 You mean like murder is bad? I don't know how I keep that kind of faith. Not commit adultery?  Not steal from your neighbor? Not covet your mother? I really don't know how people are for these things they are just stupid.
 So the shotgun shot him with the AR and you say guns don't kill people...
 Nono we should all boo him every time he has 5 minutes of bad form because I fucking paid money to see him play and he better dance for me or else!
 Racist.
 Ooooh burn. You sure showed me. Score one for you big guy.
 You mean that thing grandma uses to check her AOL account?  SHUT UP PC MASTER RACE!
 atheists are immoral
 FAKE!!!!
 Face it atheists you are far less spectacular than the snake handlers!
 Yeah man I have AIDS and you don't that's totally unfair you should have AIDS to like Jerry!
 Requiring evidence of liability property damage and WC insurance for drivers from a company that drives people around? In cars? CPUC's got a lot of fucking nerve.
 When a girl starts bitching I can't make her stop.
 Yes the full 20 minutes I spent with the guidance counselor during my four years of high school really indoctrinated me.  25 years later and I still can't think for myself.  Why the fuck didn't I listen to him and go to business school?  WHY?!?!?!?
 Hey don't you know that all gypsies literally **want** to be homeless and eat out of trash cans and steal for fun. It's true a Romanian guy told me that's their culture.
 Damn man! You're clearly way too into being entertained. Go sit in a quiet room and do nothing because that's much healthier.
 If a bum gave you a quarter he must have thought you are crazy.  Maybe you are crazy taking quarters from bums.
 All of you are conspiratards
 Fuck logic if someone corrects you the only proper response is rage and/or slurs.
 You make your points clearly and with rational argument. Get out of here CIA/Jew/giant lizard shill!
 Guys other companies are evil and because of that you are all stupid for boycotting BP. If anything they should be commended for showing the system is broken! BP ISN'T EVIL YOU ARE ALL SHEEPLE FOR THINKING IT THOUGH!!!!
 Yeah no one around here wants you to describe the last time you had lesbian sex!
 He must be a lazy Democrat!
 I dunno I should just shoot your dog? How do I know you can control him on a leash better just put him down now. You know all thosen stories of dogs killing people.
 you're getting downvoted bc you're a racist and your facts are racist
 NO MAN YOU ARE OBVIOUSLY A SHILL OF THE FISHBERRY CORPORATE FOOD GODS
 Yeah rape culture is hilarious!
 He should just kill himself praise Jebus.
 Whoa whoa feminism has *always* been the black and white.  You're introducing dangerous shades of grey here with your logic and reason and causality and bullshit.
 Your parents put razor blades in your stockings?? I don't think they like you very much buddy!
 You'll change your tune when cancer learns to hide itself in the shape of a small gorilla.
 The only purpose of cars is speed anything else is stupid.
 No but see if you even talk about condoms kids will start fucking. IN THE CLASSROOM! And because condoms don't work there will be MORE pregnancy!
 crap now i don't have a wholly selfish out if the draft comes back!
 Start smoking cigarettes and cigars your voice will get deeper and raspier.
 Guys I dont think you realize the real news the're making a DORA movie HOLY SHIT im so pumped
 Wow that's fucking awesome. Every child will absolutely want one.
 Hey everyone look at the big scary black guy.. it's funny!
 Call me when you got 2 years under your belt newfag.
 I know right everyone will kick you if you don't have a StatTrak AWP Boom!
 So what're you're really trying to say is that this year's sucks because of the Longhorn Network.
 Don't get raped in a country that doesn't execute you for having asked for it.  Also don't get raped in a country that doesn't allow abortions.  Also don't have kids when you can afford to and then have something which fucks all that up.  Earth is such a great place I'm glad I came to visit.
 GG $2 IM GOING TO PLAY DOTA 2 HAVE FUN WITH YOUR GARBAGE GAME LOL
 US? Shoot him when he assaults your property with his dangerous lawn mower.
 Damn seeing skeletons wear overpriced dresses really got my rocks off!
 Yeah because becoming a transsexual is going to greatly increase your dating pool.
 A while later but the Pint is back to being a shithole. The service is bad unless you get a rare good server the food is  meh  and they don't let you pay with debit. Instead they expect you to use their cash machine which charges you like $3 just to pull out money.  Plus it's douche haven again. Sweeeeet. Just what Edmonton needed more of.
 Animals poop? WTF!!?!
 Shut up and go get my Amazon order off that 50' shelf!  Viva la Service Economy!
 WTF?! Someone wearing a mask?!?! wtfwtfwtfwtfwtf.
 Maybe you wouldn't get kicked if you weren't such a noob.
 You're right we should just stand back and let them kill one another.
 Sex.  It is such a chore!
 Well now you're being the hateful one by calling him racist. Because hating hateful bigots who may be part of actual hate groups is what a hate group is.
 Wow I had no idea Robert Gates was such an awful anti-semite.
 i don't think they're feminists. they work under the guise of feminism but they're nothing like real feminists are.  also CHECK YOUR PRIVILEGE YOU CISGENDERED SCUM
 Dude lighten up! I just want to show up with a few thousands of my friends and totally disrupt your business without compensating you by even buying a drink. Why are you such a square?
 But man don't you know about how cool it will be when we live on other planets and shit! just like my favorite TV show Star trek! Dude NDT man. He is the way to the future!
 [the second heist i had such a problem picking the god damn sub up i died like 5 times before finally getting it]
 Love to see Black Widow wearing essentially a bikini.  Not like you can't clothe her ad make her look sexy
 Hilarious and not even a little bit rapey
 LOL SERIOUS WTF!!! XD
 You're both sick and should be locked away.
 Yeah screw you with your facts and stuff! 90 means 90 in my mind! Make them pay their fair share!
 yeah a baseball bat never ever killed anyone! and gunshots kill instantly every time!
 AARRGGH i just bought the damn toggle jacket full price online 2 days ago. i'm in canada so just re-buying it is not in the cards.   that's not annoying at all
 Jumpin' Jesus Christ! Anything but Asians!
 I wore a bracelet for a while when I was using the metro and prone to passing out in public spaces. All it really does is chafe your wrist - once you pale out and hit the floor people are aware you have an issue! Any EMT will check your wallet anyway. You should keep it on you ALWAYS with a medical alert card. Also get your primary care doctor to get you a handicapped placard at the DMV if you drive and don't abuse it! That karma will bite you in the ass. And then keep the DMV handicapped card next to your medical alert card.  Yay being sick is so much fun.
 Hey listen man I had no control over the powder charge going off when the firing pin struck the cartridge. It's not *my* fault that when I touched the trigger the bullet went hurtling off and killed my neighbor. People don't kill people. Guns do!
 I'm gonna trace your internets and get my boys to roll up on your eye pee. Ugh.
 Because she is smoking hot!
 Comic sans is such a badass font.
 NO! OP is literally Hitler for putting a picture of an autistic kid on the internet.
 Give them a break not everyone is such a tank crazy like you they are SO SIMILIAR omg so small difference to see for someone who has a LIFE... you guys.
 No you don't get. Because OP has submitted stuff before he is now specially entitled to call people assholes while not himself being a giant gaping one!
 **GET OFF MY LAWN**
 Well all drug dealers are humans and Dr. Hill appears to be a human. I don't see the problem here. Oh is it because he's black? What are you a racist?
 Wearing that kind of racism on her sleeve she must be a teabagger!
 Back in my day all the intelligent little kids knew what peanuts were. The current generation sucks with their lack of food IQ and rap music.
 No you're just an entitled brat.
 At college the cops busted up a party at one of the on-campus frat houses and found several pledges dressed in women's clothing crying in a corner. The pledges were piss drunk and eventually admitted that they all had hot dogs stuck in their assholes.   The whole frat seemed like a pretty cool group of guys not gay at all....
 Don't trust people who follow a violent doomsday cult?  I guess you be a racist.
 Abercrombie and Fitch.  Anything else and you're a traitor to bros.
 Well all Jews are bankers and all Swiss people are bankers so all Swiss people are Jews! Duh!
 Job security? What are you some kind of commie fascist?!
 SOCRATES DIED FOR MY RIGHT TO STALK THESE GIRLS YOU ARE LITERALLY HITLER
  The kids were given step by step instructions on how to become gay and transsexual.   Wow I wasn't aware that there are *instructions* for this type of thing!  Sign me up!!
 Classic Jewish insecurity!
 Oh you're so deliciously cynical!
 Yeah you can tell he is a poseur and not a real cyclist.  What a douche. At least he's not wearing wool and sandals amirite?
 You are right crazy. He should have told you that you would have to quit smoking **BEFORE** you got married.
 It's all whitey's fault.
 In other news women who wear sexy outfits promote sexual abuse.
 You're right; doing patrols with a 100 pound rucksack in 110 degree weather is super easy. You don't even have to pay attention for shit everywhere that could potentially kill you or your buddies. It's just a walk in the park.
 Autism asperbergers blah blah shoot him up and make docile better at math clearly there's something wrong with him!
 Cop killer!
 Y'all a bunch a uppity mofos.
 11 grand. Too damn much if you ask me.
 Racists gotta perpetuate their superior white genes too.
 We're talking about TAXING the RICH... WTF AINHVOENALVNE! AKNVOENAaAA ARE YOU EVEN TALKING ABOUT!!!  GOSH YOU MODERATES JUST DON'T GET IT!
 Sure it does.  Cops assume all black men are criminals.  When was the last time you saw a black man commit a crime?
 Yes no game can use a post apocalyptic setting because Fallout 3 did it. Nevermind the fact that they are completely different types of post apocalyptic settings. Fallout is a 1950s alternate future setting where the world has been nuked and technology is like what you would find in a scifi magazine from those days.  RAGE is a Mad Max style post apocalyptic future.  It doesn't matter how the setting differs though. If someone else has done it recently then you can't do it anymore. We are sick of having no innovation in settings of games. Hell I say if it has been in a movie or a game don't fucking do it. I want some new god damn settings.
 Don't you get it?  If you aren't creating a needy creature in order to fill their needs you're selfish.
 Yet bitching about reposts does SO much good.
 Reptilians are a bigger problem!
 As you can see the redditors were right and f***** has totally changed meanings.
 Perfect solution! Buy 26 bucks worth of crap to put on a cord instead of just getting a new cord!
 I expect more from you anon. It isn't difficult to be sexist racist or generally offensive. It's much more difficult to have a little class and make fun of fat and poor people.
 That guy was blatantly racist! Didn't you hear his NAZI accent?
 While you were homeless I was drinking champagne on wall street. Get a job hippie.
 Ok you caught me. You're right Derp.  Let's go  sexytime  where I can be like  MARRY ME!   And then I can do the LOL face and the ME GUSTA face until I stop fap fap fapping.
 Stfu noob. Clg did it so I can do it too. L2p
 You're probably just racist. Check your privelage.
 I feel the same way when a doctor saves my life - fuck thanking him it's his job. I also don't tip wait staff or tell my kids I'm proud of them.
 Easy watching a female strip is sexist but watching a male stripper is just women having fun.
 Grab your pitchforks!
 Unless it's a guy because guys can't be raped.
 Yeah. Because him having a girlfriend CLEARLY indicates that he is a homosexual
 You don't find fat guys in spandex appealing? Jeez dude what's wrong with you?
 **British** Broadcasting Corporation? Its a conspiracy by the british to divide India!!!
 he did a damn good job with those trains!
 Way to compare being a fan of Beiber to homosexuality one is a *choice*   I'm just kidding both are a choice!
 Upside: Prices are going to skyrocket.  Downside: It will be out of a job a few years.  Upside: I will be so fucking rich I can retire and live a life of ease.  Isn't capitalisim great?
 LOL GIRLS WHY DO YOU WEAR HEELS DON'T THEY HURT? LOL SO DUMB just wear something else
 People talking about how much they drink doesn't bother me too much. I'm in college so my friends have a few more years before I will  be super annoyed by it. It annoys me when people brag about drinking to the point of throwing up. You couldn't control yourself and ended up puking your guts out? You do it almost every time you drink? Wow you're sooooo coooooool.
 Socialism is horrible!!!! What do you mean I don't get all the money I put in that failed bank back someone should do something?!!!??!??
 The hypocrisy on this board is nauseating.  You people are all just jealous that don't have a Ferrari so you want to  punish success .    The Australian billionaire heiress Gina Rinehart contemptuously describes people like you best.  You poor slobs need to  drink less work more  and one day you can be above the law like this 27-year old Red Bull heir.
 Well obviously the solution is to not have sex unless you want a kid.  And then and only then can you have sex.
 No Mexico is a land of lawlessness and savages and you **will die** if you go there.
 Wow...this is so WTF inducing.
 It's a conspiracy I tell you the government disguised as aliens disguised as Jews rigged the election.
 Are you saying you want to raise taxes?!?!? Burn him!
 They do. Depends on how small the town is and how much of an asshole the cop is. There is a town where I'm from that is notorious for pulling you over at +4 mph. Everyone sets their cruise which we all know is much safer in a city.
 Dude didn't you know your excess fat is what makes your bench press?  If you think about it you should get really fat cuz then you can bench a TON!
 ZOMG reverse racism!!!!
 She knocked the poor guy right off his chair with a violent head butt. Gratuitous violence. Even boxing matches and no holds fights do NOT allow such head butts.   Hilarious and funny when perpetrated against a man
 yup feeding preteens is like feeding wild animals. that's how you get bears in your trash bins.
 And I have and will they will never know how damn frustrated I am. But you guys can as I assume you won't tell them.
 BUT DUDE IT ISN'T EVEN LE REAL NERD HUMOR?!! THEY DON'T EVEN GET WoW TOTALLY RIGHT!!! SHELDON IS JUST A STEREOTYPE!!!
 Man friend zone sure sucks for girls
 *Idra can never get outplayed by a toss they are all trash to him.  He has never lost a fair ZvP because there is no such thing*
 WOAH LIKE TOTALLY WTF!!!
 **T H A T ' S _ R A C I S T**
 Yes. He was also aware that when you are clearly getting your ass kicked at the half you should make absolutely no adjustments and everything will turn out just fine. Because Crean is our Supreme Leader who can do no wrong!
 Totally a homicide fetish of course.
 How dare you have your opinion of your body! You deserve your downvotes!
 So did you go for a bike ride with your dad? and if so [did he get pissed off when you told him about your sister on the boat with the porn producers?]
 Rape apologist.
 Yea your friend kills hundreds of people with drone strikes.  That's much better
 Racists.
 And a neck beard virgin who can't get laid
 Racists.
 Yeah but he doesn't see homosexuality as being on par with bestiality so he's clearly destroying the fabric of society.
 I've been checking out your replies to the other answers...  and to be honest you have my pity and he has my sympathy.  Hopefully he'll wise up soon so you won't be so miserable with him
 Slave armies are great! Let's all go.
 As a brown man ... I demand an apology from all white people why are you not vocal in separating yourselves from him!!!
 Yeah! Be nice to the rapist!
 Oh man you should.  It's a killer with the ladies.
 THEY'RE GOING TO LET NOEL PLAY FOR KENTUCKY NEXT YEAR TOO?! WTF MAN!
 This is *sooo* brilliant. Mugged in an alleyway? Just pay a lump sum and the police will investigate! House on fire? For only a small fee of 39.99$ a month the fire department will put it out! Worried about your neighbors fire spreading to your house? You shouldn't just assume they subscribe! Want public transportation so that you can afford a commute to your low paying job? Pay out the ass and it is *yours* traffic congestion and accessibility be damned! Who cares if some company owns your entire city it is a free country! If the poor can't afford to get to work they don't *deserve* a job!      I want to live in that world!
 BLOOD ON THE DANCE FLOOR!!!1!!!11!!!!!!!!!1 SO BR00T4L!!!!!1
 Yeah no more co-eds sucking his toes in the bathroom
 Nice racism you got there.
 If you're poor it's probably just because you're lazy
 If she cheats on you that means you were obviously abusive  which thus means that SHE gets to hit YOU.
 They'd answer you but they're all in prison for being violent criminals and sexual deviants.
 IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT YOU CAN GEEETTTTT OUT!!!
 Wow!!!! I just drove around there to go about my daily life and didn't notice anything!  You'd think in a city with SNAFU traffic already thousands of people would be seriously fucking up traffic.  Where could they be?  Wait wait.... did our local NPR station just run 20 seconds on it!  We win!!!!
 But guns are big black and scary!
 OMG THIS IS REVERSE RACISM! HOW CAN ANYONE NOT LIKE WHITE MEN!
 It's anti-armour not anti-personell! You get 75% reduced damage lol n00b got bcl to CoD like a little fish can't handle real games
 Cant you see how dangerous they are!?! They are prone to natural disasters! WTF
 Too bad you're Jewish and becoming a man starts at 13.
 Of course! If a grown man had sex with a 5 year old girl but she was  ok  with it it should be perfectly legal!
 YOU ARE PERPETUATING THE OPPRESSION! WHY SHOULD DOING LAUNDRY BE A WOMAN'S JOB?! WHY WONT A MAN WASH YOUR BLANKET?! OPPRESSION! !!!!
 Are you kidding me? Where's the Le?!  Obviously fake.
 WSJ is a right wing rag this is all George Bush's fault.
 So it's brutal racist and fucked up to expect a sovereign country to enforce the military naval blockade on the borders of its hostile neighbor when a ship explicitly declares *even before setting sail* that they intend to break the blockade?  I can find you the link where these people explicitly stated that they intend to break the blockade and sail into Gaza.  But all that crap about protecting borders or stopping smuggling doesn't mean a thing when it's a boatful of Western liberal protesters right?
 Thats crazy talk.  Next your going to tell me that ugly people are funnier than attractive people.
 Don't let him fool you... Can't you see he's scarred for life? He'll never grow up normal and it's highly likely he already caught the gay.
 LOL SIGN MY WHITE HAUS PETITION U GUISE
 Because you can't be racist against white people
 If you don't believe in holy global climate change then you are a racist!
 awww ... you're just being sexist.
 -giggles- those libs are not only going to take your gun they will then use it to whack you on the knee for having a religion.
 OMG you're right! Obama is the Antichrist!
 Yep - which is why Jews don't raise their kids in the Jewish religion! They don't push it on anyone not even their kids!
 White people get  assistance  just until they can get their small business up and running - black people get  welfare  so they can buy drugs and have babies. Romney 2012.
 Yeah. Let's all go jump off a building.
 So if a cop was giving you a stern talking to you'd ignore everything he said?   Such a badass
 But Gillibrand is so damn cute! How could you vote against her?
 Oh yay elitism! Let me give it a try!  You obviously can't handle your drugs old man. Something something I've dosed x amount of times something something
 Collateral. Eyes Wide Shut. Minority Report. Magnolia. Tropic Thunder. The Firm. A Few Good Men. Rain Man.  Yeah he just sucked in those.
 It's obviously always okay to hit a woman whenever you feel pissed off regardless of circumstances.
 Lol. Hey guys look at this poster. He's hilarious. Instead of a play involving Couch he's elevated the discussion on r/nfl by inserting a silly image of Peyton Manning in a ski mask. Lawl you so crazy man. Oh my.
 Nope it is sexism against women.  See boys are being told they can enjoy sex while girls are being told that they must remain pure for their future husbands.
 So the guy you're dating called you up to go out at an hour you found unacceptable and now you're willing to cast him aside? Or is it that he demonstrated he's sexually attracted to you at a point earlier than you would have liked?  I realize there's a whole female dating culture within which a huge list of excuses has been assembled for disqualifying a man but really... where do you ladies get this stuff?!  He likes you. He called you. He may in fact *(gasp!)* want to have sex with you. Clearly this all adds up to him being an unsuitable partner.
 And driving may result in crashing and dying so unless you're okay with that you just shouldn't drive.
 Hey now I go to university i'm not taught to think laterally or critically. I'm learning a specific skill set to keep me in my less than perfect class position and i'm even learning some specific ethics i'm supposed to hold while working under my masters. Hell i'll even pick up a religion and golf if it means i'll have the opportunity to fuck up everything at the top level.
 No you are wrong harper and the capitalists are just trying to kill science
 There are two types of furries those who look at yiff and those who lie!
 Well you see we'd be throwing federal money away on some druggie who would get failing grades anyway. A rapist would still go to his classes and do his work.
 Yup and a lisp.  I had a good amount of speech therapy as a kid so neither one is particularly bad.  The stutter is usually just an occasional repeated syllable here and there.  I don't often get stuck for long.  However if I'm in an uncomfortable situation-like around new people or public speaking-it gets much worse.  It never gets to the point of  The King's Speech  or anything but nothing frustrates me more than having strangers tell me to  slow down .    Fuck!  I never thought of that!  You have cured my speech impediment thank you!
 well i picked em up off the road and my eyes are killing me so thanks r/askreddit for being so useful and sparing me future embarrassment
 my internet epeen is bigger than yours
 Crazy tang soo do teachers?  Surely you jest!
 Fight back? So you're a terrorist huh?
 Can't believe BF3 copied the guns from MW3. Get your own guns ffs!!
 But don't you see? It's the fascist Nazi police who made him crash because he was so mad about them literally stomping on his rights he couldn't focus!
 WHY ARE YOU TAKING MAH FREEDUMBS AWAY!
 You like Full Metal Alchemist?! Obviously Brotherhood is better. What are you literally Hitler?
 Being a COUNTERINTEL JIDF shill of course.
 You guys don't get it. The problem is the  from scratch  part. It is just too aggressive! Can't Israelis do anything right!?!?!
 I was hungry this morning so I trolled my fridge. LOLLOLL!!111!oneone
 See! You'd never hit a black guy in the face! That's discrimination!
 They might not be that close but they still cause distress. They're words used to repress and they're both slurs.  What word do you think gets thrown at gay people when they're being abused either verbally or physically for their perceived sexuality? This word is used for bullying often used along with violence sometimes murder. Sometimes it can lead to suicide.  You've already been told by numerous people that it's considered offensive I don't really know what else it'll take you to hear to get the message. It's very insensitive. The word won't change it's meaning while it is still used as a homophobic slur as it still is.  I don't really understand how you dare suggest that it's selfish of people to find a word offensive when said word is a slur against that group of people. What's really selfish is people thinking they can 'get away with it' because it's used non-chalant.  By your reasoning we should be using words like 'nigger' as often as people use the word 'faggot'. Because that would be making that word less effective at being insulting right?
 Colin Kaepernick is a bust. He is not even on the list.
 So furries are just under molestation on your scale? You've clearly got your priorities in order.
 It's funny because geeks don't have sex.
 Nah dude you're wrong.  Didn't you know that if you commit a crime against a person of a different race it's automatically a hate crime? It's literally impossible to commit a crime against another race of people if your intentions are not being fueled by racism.  That's why everyone who doesn't like the president is also a racist.
 Um verdadeiro democrata!
 They never go full retard when it comes to the Jets what are these guys talking about?
 Don't you realize? Anything done against black people is racist regardless of motives.
 Well if you're anti-government you're clearly a terrorist.
 Omg so much hate! Its not like its white people's fault they're racist!
 But he is a fucking Jew. Come on.
 Yeah you tell them! All men are evil rapists and literally none have ever had remorse after a situation like this. Not a single one. Because men are bad.
 Damn right. Fuck that bitch. 10 years will teach her!!!!!11!
 Fucking Europeans. All of them are racists.
 sick bike!
 And then you should die!
 Americans don't want regular jobs. they have a feeling of entitlement and believe that they are owed something just for being born and showing up to work. try being a restaurant manager in Memphis TN and you'll know exactly what I mean. I'd pay like crazy if I could find anyone worth more than a plugged nickel. Oh you showed up to work high as shit and did a shit as job? you're right you do deserve a shit ton of money my apologies.
 If you suck then don't play. Stop ruining other people's experiences.  Also suck a dick.
 YES because the cure to bullshit is... MORE BULLSHIT!
 Fuck it I'm out.  Great AMA.
 Yeah fuck that man for trying to get higher up in his career!
 That's crazy-talk you freedom-hating communist. I bet you don't like to hear about the impending race war or the homosexual agenda being pushed by the DOJ.
 Look at you quoting laws and shit! Don't you know the whole point of anarchism is FUCK THE SYSTEM?
 Nah we need to go after the Buddhists those motherfuckers have gotten off way too fucking easy it's GO TIME
 you're a fucking badass. you just OWNED 9gag dude.
 Hahahaha! Lookit that fat woman! Quick get a picture so I can post it on Reddit and everyone can laugh or cringe! I mean people are fat? What the FUCK man. Hahahaha!
 Excuse you it was a PIG. Not a fucking teddy bear. Get your facts straight plebe.
 Moral of the video - Boys are stupid and girls rule!
 What's her name? I'm tired of having Chinese and Indian every fucking night..
 Hey I'm french and some nazi tortured my grandfather. fuck that! I hate germans now!
 That stupid idiot! Circumcision is awesome! A rabbi ripped off half my dick and I can still procreate just fine!
 Wow that's the worst tattoo fuck up in this whole thread.
 But dude it totally gets like trapped in your spinal cord and then like you crack your back and just like freak out and die.
 HA! THAT will shut up those damn eurosnobs!
 whoa whoa whoooooaaaa...   You can't touch the 3rd rail of politics. Even the tea party people don't want medicare or social security touched. I mean fuck everyone else right? just don't touch their shit.
 Fuggin' guy is lucky that 5 cops didn't all decide at the same time to shoot his ass dead.  But that's never happened - has it?
 Yeah fuck laws. The founding fathers didn't know what the fuck they were talking about when they put it in the constitution that only a natural born citizen can be president.
 Yeah like that WTT trash. No one liked that and Jay sucks almost as bad as when he made that Blueprint crap.
 I got mine when the economy was good so fuck you. Forget that it was us who fucked the economy up. Forget that we are now sucking the blood from generations yet unborn. But... you have to pay our medicaid and medicare because I deserve it.  PS. hows vietnam 2.0 serving you guys?
 Ahh artists interpretation. **FUCK YOU FOR FUCKING UP OUR ALIEN!**
 Cuz fuck the metric system. That's why.   'Murica!
 Wow a straight guy making a homosexual comment on reddit? How secure must he be in his sexuality! OMG this is so cool I never see this!!!!1!
 It's more like saying it's fucked up you consider violent opposition  against sex traffickers  fascism .  Someone please think of the sex traffickers for once!
 You're only a faggot if you're *being* fucked.
 Fuck that I'd rather spend 1 hour on a plane than 5 **years** in my car.
 I hate how people accused  dumb  of meaning stupid. It has NEVER meant stupid.
 AND medivacs. What the fuck was he thinking?
 You molested a kid? Why yes let me get right on making sure you dont get raped
 What the fuck?  They send you an e-mail with a promo code **AND THEY DON'T EVEN TYPE IT OUT**.    Fucking Microsoft.
 Oh no an unpopular opinion down vote the shit out of him!
 A hedge fund?  Clearly stealing millions and throwing back scraps to keep the 99% placated!!!!!
 Magnets! How the fuck do they work?!?
 Yeah because he has a different sense of humour than you it must be shitty.
 Damn right! No one should own an animal! Let's take all the piggies and doggies and kitties of the world and set them free! Let them roam back in the wild!
 Yeah. Let's all go jump off a building.
 But I was smoking my friend up for the past several months and when he finally was able to get some (fuck hooking him up) he asked me to match him. WTF kind of shit is that? Why should I have to match him?
 probably because you're all godless animals
 This is the same as what I always hear women say. Something about how you can tell if the man you're on a date with is worth a shit by the way he treats your waitress. I dunno. I just tune the bitch out.
 I tell them to go fuck off and to stop oppressing me.
 Fucking radical religious fucks ruinin my right to poke!
 Everytime he post it fucks up my share price man. Like he should just not be on the forums!
 Damn now you have to send your boobs. Otherwise he won't believe you!
 You don't only make the laws personally you made the prices *so high* too don't you? Ugh. Stop fucking with my freedom you evil socialist pig.
 Well I ran a half Plutonium-man! So fuck that shit.
 Damnit all you people do is bitch! There! Happy!?
 If you don't immediately buy a plane ticket and fly back to the UK because he commanded it you're a racist!
 BLOOD ON THE DANCE FLOOR!!!1!!!11!!!!!!!!!1 SO BR00T4L!!!!!1
 Because all of reddit besides you is one person.  Fuck bullies fuck fat people and fuck you.
 Tell me about it same with movies why the fuck do people watch that shits it's so obviously fake!!!!!!
 Well fuck you you fucking fuck.
 Fuck yeah! murder more women and children that's the key to fear.
 It's sexist to only fuck girls.
 You idiots and your 'science'. This is obviously the work of Jesus.
 you're right. if i just say fuck it then everything will work out
 Yeah those fucking Russians didn't do shit amirite?
 Because I'm not losing because I suck it's everyone else's fucking fault!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
 LOLOLLOL0L0lL0l  U WURK IN IT! Y DO U NEED A GUN?!?!?!?!11/!?! DONT U NO GUNZ KEEL BAYBAYS!?1/1?!
 Because gum goes in your *mouth* you fucking moron.  And gum isn't a *nasty habit* that *kills dear mother Earth and all of her beloved children*.
 Nope just making up shit again like always. I actually hate Cudi and his dumb stoner face fuck that guy.
 Hey now I go to university i'm not taught to think laterally or critically. I'm learning a specific skill set to keep me in my less than perfect class position and i'm even learning some specific ethics i'm supposed to hold while working under my masters. Hell i'll even pick up a religion and golf if it means i'll have the opportunity to fuck up everything at the top level.
 Cause everyone can just suck it up and make Depression go away right?
 HAHAHA a holocaust joke. Fucking hilarious.
 Wow dude. You masturbate while you have a girlfriend? That's sick.
 Do you not have any gay friends?  Untwist your politically correct panties.  That's what SHE said.  Oh darn see now I'm making fun of women and must be a sexist asshole.
 Yes but he's a dick... like a BOSS.
 Fucking socialist!
 Who the fuck does he think he is?  He is not a paramedic!
 WHAT?! Everyone knows the world began 6000 years ago and that all homosexuals burn in hell because they can't be good people!
 awww ... you're just being sexist.
 Nothing turns guys off. We could be looking at the most disgusting disease ridden razor sharp thing imaginable and still secretly want to stick our dick in there. Seriously it gets us into all sorts of trouble
 those Americans who buy health insurance include small business owners who don't have the luxury of having employer provided healthcare.    but you're right fuck 'em
 Ronaldo sucks at FKs
 Yeah! why the fuck are people discussing this racing stuff anyway!
 yeah fuck them. I mean as long as there exist people who have it worse your complaints are not valid!
 Because America.  Fuck yeah.
 Cant you see how dangerous they are!?! They are prone to natural disasters! WTF
 Fucking liberals and their socialist agenda!  I had to close my mine because they forced us to 'pay an equal wage'.   Fuck them!  Free market spoke and said a kid would work for 2cents a day.  Progressive Society...FUCKING THING SUCKS!
 What the fuck did you say to me you little bitch?
 Yeah like gays because fuck them right?
 No. Fuck off.
 Who gives a shit about the economy at large? As long as I get my money fuck everyone else
 Colin Kaepernick is a bust. He is not even on the list.
 Fuck you.  It's almost 11am and I'm drunk.  This just means you're wrong.
 Is this why I couldn't get into manhattan with my 7 train this morning? You fucking bastards.
 Oh I get it. You used a play on words on an image of a dick made of meat. Very Funny.
 Haha you don't even know who I am.   Let me tell you... I fucking hate everyone.
 Hey but they can't fucking mess with video games. The Internet is serious business.
 RAPE ISN'T FUNNY YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF
 what the fuck is a duvet?
 17 year olds should all be kicked. they deserve it!!!
 Dude did you not catch that he's using a hidden folder? I mean come on guy a fucking *hidden folder*. That shit is unbreachable.
 Great. Just great. I'm going to have to work on that shit like a rabid beaver on a tree now... fucking terrific.
 Fuckin' scratcher
 Fight back? So you're a terrorist huh?
 F*ck you hippie!  DRILL HERE DRILL NOW!
 Monogamous Relationships? You Harlot!
 Haha yeah fuck those guys.
 Well maybe she should have put the cinnamon in my fucking latte like I told her to!
 Shut the fuck up idiot!
 The only team I care about is Team reddit.  Fuck Digg! Go Reddit!
 I got a 27 in 8th grade. I'M MORE MATURE THAN YOU SUCK IT LOSER.
 I mean she is a witch.
 Conspiracy theorists will never shut the fudge up about this or anything really.   Clearly this guy is just a shill of the big banks and was set up by Obama himself.
 Yeah because when you do heroin it makes you horny as fuck.
 Fuck yeah!
 Yeah but it's easy to make fun of rednecks but making fun of any black people ever is inherently racist.
 FUCKIN CASUALS.
 Nah brah. You're just being a pussy. Man up and everything will be fine.
 You type pretty fast for a 96 year old on his deathbed all that text in three seconds... I smell bullshit!
 Wait! The rich mother fucker never carries money but has six apes with him and a bag man with the cash money!
 Allergies are a bitch.
 But I'm a rockstar!! My band totally played for 36 people last night fuck the world.
 More bombs!  Fuck yeah!  My stupid kid can beat up your honor student!
 Shit I was just on TS not even in game and he was telling me to get the fuck away from the crown.
 Ugh I KNOW right? I mean fuck women. How DARE they think they can be sexually free and chose who they want to fuck. I mean casual consensual sex? DISGUSTING! Women should never have sex and men should have literally as much sex as they can possibly have.
 Damn but your typing spelling grammer etc are all good for a 6 year old. The US education system must be working a lot better than I had heard.
 Hey if you think your best chance of getting laid is a pity fuck might as well go all out!
 Yeah... but fuck CGI!
 Maybe because he got his facts wrong.  Up-B THEN C-stick? You can't do that.  Did this guy *ever* play Smash?!
 Yeah!  And cigarette companies would never hide evidence from their own studies that showed cigarettes kill people!  Jeez.... there's no way doctors would have been involved in such a cover-up either!
 my internet epeen is bigger than yours
 That's because you suck
 'tards are dumb.
 Yeah! Don't fuck with that bad drug! Just that good drug!!!
 They never go full retard when it comes to the Jets what are these guys talking about?
 did you let him top you fucking retard?
 What a le badass! Such a troll IRL with that shirt! U MAD?
 Yeah dude you look fucking pissed
 You're the worst type of human garbage.
 One big fucked up collection of traumatic childhoods!  If only Hitler had a therapist.... or went on Dr. Phil
 you buy the 64 gb version for 50 usd per gigabyte stupid!
 The girl fucks the guy in the divorce.
 Because 'merica fuck yeah.
 Yeah fuck those religious people. They're so hateful. Fucking retards.
 Assholes like OP are ruining reddit!
 Yeah fuck people for trying to hold a job and get by while the unemployment rate is 8.2%!
 cause fuck liberals
 what a compelling argument surely you are living a superior way of life
 OMFG!  How the HELL did you get that wrong?  It's Spider ***2*** Y banana.  What the fuck is wrong with you!?!
 Damn that's some fucked up shit.
 Fucking planes need to start using their damn brakes.
 Fuck you for expressing an honest opinion ***GTA MUST NOT BE CRITICISED.***
 What a smooth motherfucker
 Well bro if you can't beat them insult them and tell them to fuck off and hope it works.  It doesn't but thats because the patriarchy are keeping them down!
 Yep starving certainly puts you in a superior mental state for modern work.       Fuck how is this not a new trend yet?
 oh god what a disgusting cow!  I wouldn't fuck her with YOUR dick!
 BUT! BUT! BUUUUTTT! OTHER PEOPLE'S BELIEFS ARE WRONG AND STUPID! I MEAN OBVIOUSLY WHAT I BELIEVE ISN'T STUPID AND SO WHAT I DON'T BELIEVE MUST BE STUPID AND SO PEOPLE WHO DON'T BELIEVE WHAT I BELIEVE ARE STUPID TO BELIEVE THAT WAY. AND IF YOU CAN'T MAKE FUN OF STUPID PEOPLE FOR BEING STUPID HOW CAN YOU MAKE YOURSELF FEEL SUPERIOR TO THEM!?!?
 Fuck that polar bear picture is fucked up.   But dont worry guys the free market will solve global warming if it even exists!
 No we havent. We're all blind undereducated retards who believe stupid things without evidence! Dont you ever forget it!
 STOP OPPRESSING ME!!! YOU ARE LITERALLY HITLER!!!
 So you choose to paint us all with the same brush just because you heard a couple off comments in a bar? Fucking Americans.
 fuck off
 Fuck me thats gunna be fun.
 Well its obviously your fault.  You saw her coming and hid what you knew she wanted.  You made the company discontinue her favorite fragrance just so she couldn't buy it.  You had a bunch in the back room but lied to her about it.  You wanted it all for yourself so you wouldn't sell it to her.  Also you're racist.
 Nice insult! You really showed him!
 How dare this god damn sonofabitch post the fucking rules to this fucking subreddit. The nerve of some people!
 NAH THATS FUCKIN WEIRD BRO
 What? USA is **The Greatest Country On Earth!**      Go home to your liberal fish and chips and warm beer. Here in the real free world we are free to shoot hookers priests abortion doctors towelheads niggers wetbacks spinks tommies china-men and liberuls freedom hating cheese eating tofu digging French loving communist sucking scum!      And go tell your socialist communist nazi buddy Obummer that he can pry my enormous weapon collection from my super obese cold dead fat sausage fingers!
 But I can't afford to drive something nice that has things I like so fuck him he is a huge douchebag.
 Yeah damn Jews! White power!
 Good luck with that ya racist
 'Mericuh fuck yeah!
 fuck you and your empathy get out of here
 Well if those fuckers don't want to tow the party line they can fuck off.
 I will hang out of my window to scream at a snowbird for fucking up this states traffic.   Seeing that your a NEfan I am a bit leery of you being a one time snowbird or a football frontrunner.
 Yes you're super selfish! Drive your own tank bro stop bossing people around! Who do you think you are? I'm playing the game **my way** maybe you're just too stupid to realise how skilled I am.
 I ain't falling for no psycho analysis bullshit. What me and my mom did wasn't nuthin.
 OP is a faggot.
 Yeah!  Because any time you can lose one of your biggest clients you should go for it!  Screw your face it didn't need that nose!  Cut it off that's a great move.
 and to top it all off you're probably going to hell!
 This is so fucking motivating.  I'm motivated so fucking hard right now.  This entire argument is totally motivating.  I can't believe how motivational you fucking people are.
 You poor stupid little bastards deserve to go hungry!
 Seriously you are defending this movie. What did you like work on it or something? I hope you did I'm gonna pirate the shit out of it and sit out side a theater and hand them free copies telling them not to waste there money on this drivel. You insult my intelligence but you defend this film. Let me guess you also liked Fast and Furious and Deja Vu? How was Meet the Spartans by the way? I'm sure you are stoked to see Vampires Suck the trailer totally had me loling.
 Yeah fuck you EA. We only like it when steam fuck thing up.
 That's a bullshit argument.
 Yeah! Fuck all the Heat fans!
 Great fucking job!
 BUT I'M A FAN AND I NEED TO KNOW NOW!!! I BUY THE FUCKING TICKETS I OWN THESE PLAYERS!!
 Expressing opinions? On Reddit? Well fuck you man. Enjoy your downvote.
 Yeah it's a know  fact that everyone who worships something leads miserable lives full of incredible stupidity and that as superior people its our duty to relieve them of their incredible stupidity by telling them what to and not to believe in.  'Cuz as a subreddit who hates when they do it we should do to stop them from doing it lest every single person who follows a religion is a fucking dumbass.  Just look at that fucker Stephen Colbert and his miserable life and incredible stupidity spreading his stupidity to the general public
 [the second heist i had such a problem picking the god damn sub up i died like 5 times before finally getting it]
 Didn't you hear? IT MAKES YOU LEAK OUT YOUR ASS!!!!!111!!! No wonder you're so skinny!
 Hahaha. Holy shit you're funny
 Hell yeah i hope they ban all this trash
 you racist!
 Oh no someone has a different opinion on things than you! Those ass holes!
 IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT YOU CAN GEEETTTTT OUT!!!
 Fuck you you terrorist.  How dare you question the LAW?!
 WHO THE FUCK CARES?! They're dirty little Jews and have no place in Israel that they STOLE. I hear Antarctica is uninhabited for the most part and has no human furnaces.
 Boy that's a fucking great suggestion!
 FUCK YOU APPLE FAG!1!!!8!
 Yeah dude that game was horrible because it had a god damned nigger as a protagonist.
 Yeah fuck people who save money!
 Man this is fucking hilarious.
 But but... respect it and stuff because... people died and stuff and... hey America is actually pretty cool fuck you.
 *Clearly* calling a black president an asshole is racist.
 Fuck parents they're the reason we have to keep paying to educate kids!
 I agree let's execute those corrupt pigs who ticket people for running stop signs.
 What?  The CEO  job creators  could NEVER do such a thing so you MUST be mistaken.   Only the 1% can create jobs and that's what they do!   I know it's true I heard it on FOX News! So just shut up your whining take a bath and get a job!
 FASCIST PIECE OF SHIT!
 Wow Xander is a fucking scrub.
 Posted to SRS you fucken hetero white male racist! Fathers should never bury ANY of their children regardless of sex! you fucken swine!!!
 OMG you misogynistic pig! Women are not sex objects!
 What a cocky asshole. Sliding into home plate. He's so immature...does he not realize this is the majors!?
 You can't say that your racist bastard.
  I hate racists but damn those n***rs!
 You bought an assault pistol without a background check? You monster!
 Yeah fuck charities they don't do any good
 *You mean you're not perfect like the rest of us?  That sucks..*
 I've seen this exact picture about five times on the front page already. God fucking damn you.
 She didnt like him. Therefore she is a huge bitch.
 Who the fuck is Sloane? Good journalism.
 Fucking hipsters.
 What the fuck kind of anarchistic madness are you trying to peddle?
 Yeah no way racial profiling by a racist fuck with a gun had anything to do with it!
 Fucking asshole doing stupid shit like this INSTEAD OF FIXING THE DAMN GAME!
 I hope you're happy with yourself!  We all know he killed himself.  it sounded super serious!
 It's funny because Microsoft sucks!
 No because you're a guy and all guys are rapists and animals.
 Hahahahahaha  The mentally ill are fucking hilarious!!!!!
 Hk. fuck everbody else!
 Fucking rich people.
 STFU bitch  (by bitch I didn't literally mean you but clearly there are many bitches around somewhere that need to shut the fuck up.)
 What is this hipster shit.
 I know right! You beat the shit out of your girlfriend one time and all of the sudden your the bad guy.
 because fuck you i shouldn't have to pay for anything. god damn socialists.
 Because they're snobby assholes.
 OMFG IT'S AMAZING HOLY SHIT!!!!!!!!!!
 Congrats you multiplayer fucks it's not all zombies map
 No you calling him out on his jackassery makes YOU a jackass.  Wait...
 You really showed him!  Calling someone an uneducated idiot makes you look like you are very educated and objective.
 Yeah let's just exile these motherfuckers to Antarctica.
 because anything other than six launcher suck balls
 Yeah I'm sure it wasn't just a stupid kid thinking he was being funny by posting a random picture and a mod deciding to ban him for his stupidity.
 Shut up or we duct-tape your mouth shut tie you to a sawhorse and gang rape you.
 He's obviously black and Jewish.  You guys are so insensitive.
 TIL blacks are unskilled.
 You fucking Wendy's shill!
 But they say there's no God and THEY'RE RIGHT SO SHUT UP. FAITH IS ILLOGICAL I AM A ROBOT BEEP BOOP FUCK YOUR COUCH.
 Fuckin' Typical Heel Shit.
 BECAUSE ISRALE SUCKS AND THEY ARE THE BAD GAIS SO EVERYTHING THAT IS AGAINST THEM IS GOOD!!!!!
 IT WAS A BIG DEAL TO US ASSHOLE.
 Racist! That's racist! You are racist! You racist you!
 Herp derp were so much better than those stupid kids.
 You racist bastard.
 Fuck you.
 Only black guy in lineup.  Gets hit.
 Bitch better get back in the kitchen
 Hey you know who I *does* fuck moms? YOUR MOM AHAHAHAH Im funny
 And the hive mind strikes again.  How *dare* you criticize democrats!
 Yeah fuck blue.
 Poverty?  Get a job you fucking dirty hippie!
 Fuckin' aye! That's money we could be spending on invading Iran!!!
 GOOGLE+ BUILT IN FUCKIN AWESOME!!!
 Yeah man it's so fucked up when a girl hangs out with you and talks to you but doesn't even want to fuck you!
 I like dat crack rock BIATCH!!!
 Well fuck you because I got mine and fuck you.
 Hopefully you two can get back to jerking each other off in the near future.
 I guess Robin Williams and Vin Diesel are fucking losers too.
  Because dur patriarchy hurts men too now shut up and tell your little rapist to man up. LOL!!
 I hope your fucking mother gets cancer you noob ass motherfucker.
 Yeah injuries at the beginning of a career really fuck with the rest of a QB's career.
 Compete with this you damn union members!
 definitely FUCK THE WORLD if a little tick can cause paralsys of your brain
 When Americans stop being idiots.
 Yes Behr and Glidden are complete shit.
 DAE OLD AS FUCK
 Because you can't be racist against white people
 Yeah! USA! USA! USA! We might fuck up everything else but at least we've broken a dodgeball game record bitches!
 because fuck you that's why
 Only non-whites deserve sympathy.  Fuck this crying little girl!  Who cares if her pony got stolen and she is heart-broken.
 Yeah I'll learn to look past it once that fucker stops feeding bot lane and WHERE THE FUCK IS MY JUNGLER!?
 So I guess this means the end of any videos coming from fans.   Great fucking job Youtube using your resources for good.
 Yeah how dare people get mad at cops just for being negligent and shooting kids. Stupid hippies.
 What a fucking patch-toss this is ridiculous blizzard doesn't even seem to care!
 Because reasons and you're wrong and don't play the game correctly.  Fucking
 Yeah fuck people who have fun being competitive right?
 Bioware is totally at fault. They fucked up the ending SO hard.
 I bet them honkey crackas looted the shit out of your town too fucking animals the lot of them
 Darn those video games! Training killers like this man!
 I'm so fuckin mad. I got one of those and made it really good and made it look like the 86 from Initial D and put it in my garage at Franklin's aunt's house. Then after that [Franklin got upgraded to the fancy house in the hills. The garage in south Los Santos ate my fucking car!]
 Yeah because people in Denver had no idea that a game was being played in that giant fucking stadium without seeing a gargantuan banner of Joe Flacco.
 Way to spoil the show asshole.
 What are you talking about? E3 has taught me that gaming is dead. Fuck off and die.
 That's stupid.  You should store your guns in your kid's hand.
 Why are you being such a little bitch?!?!
 Because they're lazy and don't give a shit about OP right? Right? Because police are evil?  Or there's another possibility: The only description OP could provide was  yea-high Black male wearing red in such-and-such part of town.  Which narrows it down like none. Which means the police have nothing to go on and have to chalk it up as a loss.  But your first theory's probably right. Fuck the police always.
 Guys only think with their dicks duh. If a girl doesn't have some crazy trump card a guy will naturally drift away and fuck the next girl he meets. A guy could never become emotionally committed to a girl
 Yeah fuck free speech; he hurt your feelings.
 Yeah.  Stop filling r/pics up with this crap.  It's like fucking rage comics on r/funny
 He should just pick himself up by his bootstraps and be rich.  Lazy whiner.
 You suck Snyder!
 Yes you are fucked
 Your gay.
 Didn't Hitler collect and destroy Jews!?
 YEAH BUT THAT'S RACIST. YOU CAN'T JUST ASSUME THAT BECAUSE A KID IS BLACK HIS OR HER DAD IS BLACK TOO.
 omg im such a nice guy why am i being friend zoned? All i asked if i can have my dick sucked. All girls are bitches  *tips fedora*
 Damn you guys  Cant get away with anything here.
 Black people are all criminals AMIRITE GUYS!!!
 What are we going to do with all of these drugs we've spent years and millions developing to indefinitely treat and profit from patients??  What do you mean by 'Your arthritis meds gave me a heart attack?' or 'Your sleep-aid gave me horrifically realistic hallucinations?  They're all cured now and they grow their own medications!  Quick!  Get the cancer-terror stick!  Shit!  It cures cancer too!  We're fucked!
 Yeah he only threw for 3 TDs today.... fucking flacco sucks so goddamn hard.  16 for 21 wtf that's amateur bullshit.
 But surely a women's argument that she will make less money even if there is data proving this argument false must be more important than men dying being homeless having less success in education and having no access to their children!!!! Goddamn misogynist!!!! I bet you are a rape apologist also!
 Fucking HTC where's my UV light?
 Good point. Let's round up all the complete low-life douche bag criminals and kill them.
 Silly BadLeroy! Men can't get sexually harassed!
 Hey my son was diagnosed with autism the day after we gave him his vaccinations! Now thanks to magnetic-bracelet faith-healing his aura is back in alignment with his biorhythm! You must be a pawn of Big Pharma. WAKE UP SHEEPLE!
 Well you see we'd be throwing federal money away on some druggie who would get failing grades anyway. A rapist would still go to his classes and do his work.
 I don't like her just like I think bisexuals are more disgusting than homosexuals!  Pick a side!  You are either a robot or a human! Cyborgs are disgusting!
 Don't you get it?  If you aren't creating a needy creature in order to fill their needs you're selfish.
 Man he sure must be an asshole let's hate him some more!
 If you're black and you fire a warning shot; 20 years.  If your white and you kill a black man; free.  Yep sounds fair to me.  No racism in Amerika.  We don't need no stinkin civil rats.
 Maybe you shouldn't have been such a jerk to the kid to deserve it
 Yeah and when a girl wears a short skirt she's just asking to get raped.
 God he is such a dick!
 Devils are clearly trying to get Kovalchuk into the Hart discussion by sucking as much as possible with him out...
 Wow look a racial supremacist who looks like a fuck ugly inbred what a shock!
 'merica !   Fuck Yeah !
 It must frustrate you that liberals don't share the hate and haven't been calling for his impeachment since day 1. HOW VERY FUCKING UNPATRIOTIC OF US
 If you suck then don't play. Stop ruining other people's experiences.  Also suck a dick.
 Yeah fuck any company for donating to charity to boost their own sales.
 well fuck me nobody saw that coming!
 Silly rabbit when a white man shoots something up it's because he's crazy not because ideology.
 It was a clean hit so kind of stupid of Voracek. Also instigating with a visor and pulling Oleksy's jersey over his head really made it a worthwhile fight.
 Oh yeah?  I'm a dick head?  Well you're a dickhead. Dickhead.
 stupid drug smoking hippie the law is the law
 biological weapon of mass destruction*  Those crazy liberals!
 Damn girl why you hate yourself so much?????? Why do you just want to get back in the kitchen I dont geddit???????
 Well it's better than the alternative which is blowing air out of my nose which means  Fuck you you could be mugged and I wouldn't bat an eyelash .
 You shouldn't say  yo fucker  that's ableist terminology that discriminates against people who can't have sex.
 Why don't you go ahead and pierce your baby girl's ears while you're at it?  Maybe give her a tattoo?  You know she'll probably want those things when she's older anyway so why not do it when she's a baby and won't remember the pain and confusion?  Because fuck her right to choose what to do with her own body.
 ... No he sucks.
 Where did you find it I clicked on it and got something different!  I want a blowjob too dammit!
 Yeah douche get you facts straight. Psshh. What a loser amirite? Huehuehue. Brb gotta go slay bitches no'm sayin'!?!
 HOLY FUCK THIS IS SO FUNNY!
 It's supposed to be  it's  not stupid. Gosh you illiterate dodo go back to school!
 Yeah fuck them for recording valid evidence. they deserve to be arrested
 He had his Jew friends get out when the getting was good.  You goym can suck it
 100% of all serial killers have consumed water!!1!  100% of all people and animals who have drank water have died or will be dead in the future!!!1!  Water is an ingredient from several things from kool-aid to Antifreeze!!!!!1!!!!11! Coincidence? I think not!1!!  Water is H20 That is two Hydrogen!!!1! Hydrogen.......... as in Hydrogen BOMB!!!!1!!!!  WAKE UP SHEEPLE!!!1!
 You didn't go out and beat defenseless people when you were a kid?  God What a loser.
 No you're right.  Bangladesh is a fucking paradise.  Capitalism is heaven.  Especially modern financial capitalism.  Bankers love you.  Every religion worships usury.  All hail Rothbard the holy.
 Witty female lead? how original for disney can't fucking wait.
 Get your sense out of here its obvious we're dealing with blood crazed psychopaths. My feelings are hurt about cute little animals dieing even though they'll only be cute when they're young and afterwards I won't give a flying fuck about what happens to em as long as I get my hamburger. It is sickening to think that people in a most likely rural area have access to anything dead. Why don't they just buy the beef from a grocery store where no animals are hurt.
 Fuck 'em! They're brown!
 Sir u are a human and humans can't fly naturally therefore we the fat lazy fucks of this city must tax u for using a jet pack and not a motor vehicle. Next up on the agenda on how to piss off average Joe in this free country we call USA is to tax u into oblivion on breathing the air which is a property of US Government just like the soil u are standing on.
 'Cos Oboma souns liek a fag an his shits all retarded an stuff.
 Does this mean since you aren't carrying around as much weight... You are getting lazy? Put that weight back on slacker!
 *God* you're such a *buzzkill*.
 Yeah! The fucker boarded the Israeli vessel and started attacking Israeli sailors!
 Why are you trying to have a rational debate in politics? That shit doesn't belong in here if you're libertarian or an cap you're a silly person and you're stupid.
 Comic sans is such a badass font.
 Is this homosexual propaganda?
 NO. Fuck that shit it's reddit. NO REPOSTS EVER.
 Yeah non public doesn't suck at all
 Fucking government is interfering in laissez-faire capitalism again.  Fuck.
 Fuckin' scabs.
 What?  He's not buying more weed?  Fuck him.  420 blaze it!
 white rappers calling white people niggers?    wait until the blacks hear about this those niggers are gonna be pissed!
 in other words you don't know wtf you're talking about.   What a surprise.
 BUT ALL COPS ARE SCUM!!!!!!1
 Shut up and go gank you n00b!
 Handshakes and hugs? More like SEXUAL ASSAULT.
 OMG ELITIST FUCK!!!!
 I'm sick of fucking waiting for fucking things on reddit. Stop making me wait you fucking fuckwit even if you chose not to include  wait for it  in the fucking title I would be happier! Atleast then whilst watching the video it would feeling like  discovering  new shit instead of  waiting  for new shit you shitwit.
 THE DISLIKE BAR IS THE SIZE OF BIEBER'S DICK!!!11!11  AM I FUNNY NOW?
 YEAH! I had a roommate who shot a guy who was also a Patriots fan. Patriots fans are murderers!
 WHY ARE YOU SO FUCKING CIS YOU PIG?
 FUCK YOU SAFARI AND ALL Y'ALL MACBOOK FAGS!
 Well obviously the solution is to not have sex unless you want a kid.  And then and only then can you have sex.
 But man don't you know about how cool it will be when we live on other planets and shit! just like my favorite TV show Star trek! Dude NDT man. He is the way to the future!
 Fuck those people and their success!
 Right right it just goes by whether it bothers  most people  and these are minorities fuck them.
 Yea woman will never *ever* hold the door! Man all woman suck!
 Clearly the lazy misdirected kid in the second picture should get off his ass and start a non-profit to fight against child abuse.  Seriously if you're not going to put your balls to the wall get back on Farmville.
 You're right the people at your local store gave you a bad experience the whole company must really suck ass.
 I dunno. Wanna fuck?
 wow this is quality fucking literature
 TL;DR no fucking picture
 Taking joy in the death of a mass murderer I guess you must be a terrible human being.
 That's some fucking prejudiced shit right there.
 You mean that considering the outcome of your actions makes you less of an asshole? No kidding?
 If you can't beat em join em. OP is a faggot!
 Holy shit he is fucking that chick so hard on that pic
 Bullshit you totally have makeup on. Get real.
 Typical liberal media bias making up lies and fake data to go against America. It's all liessssssss
 Look the most important thing is that I'm able to get where I'm going as quickly as possible. I understand that you think you're important but what you don't understand is that you aren't me. I'm number one so I'm going to whip you to give myself an advantage even if it results in your death.  It may seem harsh but honestly you're a jerk and ugly and your Steam icon is stupid.
 What!  Are you bringing class warfare into this?!?!?!  You are disgusting you commie pinko pig!
 haha fuck you innocent players and spectators! What better way to show my disgust at the government than by burning down my local team's stadium!
 Well damn the cassette?  Shucks I have no way to digitize it or I would!
 No man fuck you. you are clearly a leech on the system no matter what excuse you make up for.
 Alpha as fuck
 SOCRATES DIED FOR MY RIGHT TO STALK THESE GIRLS YOU ARE LITERALLY HITLER
 Hey PC Gamers that supported our game big surprise announcement coming up...we're releasing it on CONSOLES with new content! Fuck y'all!
 Because this isn't controlling and manipulating as fuck or anything.
 Fuck off oldfag.
 Haha gay with a capital G. Who knows what those Homosexuals are up to? Nothin' Jesus would approve of.
 Yeah! *Fuck* yeah! First time with your cousin! Yeah bro! That's the healthiest thing ever!
 didnt you know? its now the arbitrary jobs with somewhat redneck men channel. because you know fuck history
 OMG COD????????? UR SO GAY Y WUD U PLAY SUCK A BAD GAME. U R SUCH A DISGRACE TO THE GAMING COMMUNITY!!!!!!!
 yeah because Joe doesn't give a fuck about what his audience wants.
 But don't you see? It's the fascist Nazi police who made him crash because he was so mad about them literally stomping on his rights he couldn't focus!
 Fuck you.
 Yeah and let's pollute the air too! Fuck yeah!
 I think the Godfather discussion is hilarious. Personally I love the movie (and the 2nd one...the 3rd one was shit) and can't understand how someone *couldn't* love it. People who don't like it can't understand how someone *could* love it. You obviously didn't take from the movie what I did. So what you're allowed your opinion. Pro-Godfather-ers get so pissy with nonbelievers. It's not their fault they're heathens.
 Yeah I give a shit if you believe me or not.
 You mean like murder is bad? I don't know how I keep that kind of faith. Not commit adultery?  Not steal from your neighbor? Not covet your mother? I really don't know how people are for these things they are just stupid.
 No no no a  white hispanic  shot a black guy.  He was WHITE you guys!
 i would have shot that Bill Hicks whoever he is such a smug.
 No like a woman's dick.
 Oh look another fucking hitler joke. This subreddit is in dire need of more of those!
 Yeah totally fucking entitled generation people before that never had such a sense at all!
 No Fuck you. Patriotism does not work that way! 'MERICAAAA
 Damn you Julian Assange! See how your whistleblowing is causing people to *die*!
 I know right?   If you're gonna be a bitch at least be hot.
 SHUT UP SERB.
 *your  FTFY. Learn some fucking English skills shithead.
 Couple of NFC Championship games 11 out of 14 seasons winning records.  Yeah dude sucks totally.  We should stick with Crennel.
 Yea those white areas are so boring!  No minority riots no Jihadist recruiters no honor killings no Pakistanis running sex rings pimping out British girls no Muslim patrols. They're so lacking in  buzz  and depth !  Soooo boring!
 Fuck you for saying bad things against Mark and defending Vettel Vettel sucks Red Bull has the best car ever that is the only reason Vettel isn't last every race.
 4 pubes on a toilet seat...Damn...that's fucked up.
 Are you saying a 17 year old doesnt want to raise a kid with a 13 year old? Youre an idiot.
 Hey that guy is making minimum wage! He should be damn well happy that these kids are making messes in his store! It keeps him busy and less likely to be laid off! They should be thanking these kids for their jobs.
 Really fuck Facebook integration. I don't need that shit. Fuck all the accessibility features too. I don't need them why should they be in my phone?
 Well yeah because guys kick really hard and might crush his poor testiculars. He needs a delicate lady to do it.
 Perhaps she means she wishes to fuck this person to (until) 'then'. E.g: 'Dinner's at 7? Ok I'll fuck you to then.'
 How dare you be so polite you're disgusting!
 Todd didn't use roids that should fucking standout but let's all love the roids guys because they saved baseball.
 fucking conan o'brien wannabe
 I'm still pissed that Lou Gehrig retired. What a dick.
 THANKS just got this item. Wasnt even close to that side of the map yet! FUCKIN SPOILERS!!!!!
 People should all be sheep and only vote for things that benefit them for the immediate future fuck future generations.
 Wow!!!! I just drove around there to go about my daily life and didn't notice anything!  You'd think in a city with SNAFU traffic already thousands of people would be seriously fucking up traffic.  Where could they be?  Wait wait.... did our local NPR station just run 20 seconds on it!  We win!!!!
 You mean I can't make a living using spotify as my sole income? Fuck that I quit music!
 ...Yeah because its a fucking tumor in your brain. No one has died from those!
 Well your opinion sucks!
 No you see this is a *female*. She's obviously just doing this for attention. MY PENIS WILL NOT STAND FOR THIS.
 Look at this dumb hick from Kentucky can't even tell the difference between a country and a state!
 No fucking shit
 THAT'S SO FUCKING FUNNY!!!!!
 And fuck stop signs!  Damn government can't tell me when to go and when to stop!
 Heh and Kentucky is full of backwards hicks.
 Yeah this is a women's sub. Men can't have opinions.  Get back in the garage and make me a bookshelf!
 *Fucking with time is incest?*
 BOMB THE BASTARDS! DON'T BELIEVE THE SANDNIGGERS HYPE!
 Damn those baby boomers why are they all retiring now when they should be building our future for us!
 That's right fucking black people they get *all* the advantages life has to offer. Us white people just cant get a break.
 The mom was obviously training her kids for being future murders.
 Oh yeah. Those awesome balthazar gauntlets blew me the fuck off my seat.
 You're worried about that? Stay at home mom's are the real home wreckers. They're obviously going to fuck any man that is near the house (repair men mail carriers etc.)
 Oh shit I didn't read that comment you posted earlier that listed those movies that were less than stellar. You're right fuck that Affleck guy...
 Omg my minecraft build is off by one block that makes my OCD kick in so hard. Sucks to have OCD lol.
 Soundbites are an American tradition fuck you!
 You guys you're not getting the point. It's funny because rape.
 Yea! Why should anyone be entitled to there opinions! Fuck them!
 Yeah guy! Fuck you!!! No excuses!!!
 YEAH!  Fuck people who own records and books!
 BUT SHE'S A GIRL SHE SHOULDN'T HAVE TO LEARN ON HER OWN FOR FREE LIKE A DUMB GUY!
 WTF?! Someone wearing a mask?!?! wtfwtfwtfwtfwtf.
 Upvote for you good sir. Atheists should just shut the fuck up and let everyone else live their lives.
 OMG THIS IS REVERSE RACISM! HOW CAN ANYONE NOT LIKE WHITE MEN!
 Fuck Valve why won't Dota 2 run on my calculator!??!?!? Lost business never again etc.
 You don't understand.   You can only be a pedo if you are a democrat!  When Republicans sexually harass under age pages it's totally fine !   Jesus will forgive me !
 **Eat shit and delete your account reposter.**
 Those damn atheists are at it again.
 you better go kick this dudes ass.
 Oh yeah if you dislike most black folks but make a few exceptions then you're *definitely* not racist.
 You could be a hero too if you werent such a **GOD DAMNED COMMIE**!
 Man fuck Kobe Sebastian Telfair totally has a better PPGM than him!
 I guess this time the WBC really will be able to blame it on homosexuals.
 You'd kill someone while high?  Fuck no wonder this shit is illegal!
 I fucking hate the people on there.
 Are you serious? I hate to break it to you but unless you and your loved ones don't consume any resources and don't produce any waste you are part of the cause of over-population.  But yeah fuck those people if they did not want to die from illness they should have been born in a rich country like us and not someplace so poor.
 Yeah you're doing it wrong by waking up in time to get to work.  Idiot.
 Go smoke some opium and eat some rice you damn Chinaman!
 But you're the Devils you play the trap you boring trappers!
 Yup all gun owners are only moments away from snapping and being mass murders! Hide your kids!
 So you refuse to answer his points yet you continue to argue?   How fucking brilliant.
 You're a fucking badass.   Hey everybody! Watch out for this guy!!
 No *you* don't understand!  *Wade* is the bad guy!  The submission title set the tone for all of my thinking about this whether it was accurate or not!  And if you tell me I'm basing my impression on inaccurate information it's my duty as a psychologist and as an American to tell you to fuck off.
 This is gentlemanboners subreddit motherfucker we don't do  polite well worded suggestions  asshole.
 You fucking OCD bipolar piece of shit.
 Nah man. You aren't soley dedicated to one team and one team only to the day you die regardless of how shitty they are and what else is on tv or if a player you like goes to another team so you are a bandwagon fan.
 Yeah! Fuck whitey!
 serves you right you great big homo
 Yeah you're right. That first angle was shit.
 Yeahalso... whats with goddamn queers?! why don't they just let women who like em' fuck em'?
 A cake that looks like poo? What the fuck?!?!?!?
 Totally wasn't the guy fucked up on a combination of prescription pills and illegal drugs.
 Apples suck!!!
 Embarrasing US news media of course! Those fucking jihadists!
 what? weed? no i hate that shit. i just smoke it cuz its disgusting and it doesn't get you high.
 Way to compare being a fan of Beiber to homosexuality one is a *choice*   I'm just kidding both are a choice!
 Yeah. Girls give horrible Hand jobs. She should have given him a blow job!
 Obama is literally gay muslim nazi jew satan incarnate!
 Because you do all those things to please *others* but when you get a tattoo you do it for *yourself*. Your life can't possibly mean anything if others don't think highly of you that you're  classy . Fuck what *you* want to look like!
 Racists gotta perpetuate their superior white genes too.
 Yes because having sex with your boyfriend makes you a shameless whore
 They just shoot you blame you for living at the right address and let the city pay out the ass for it. If you LIVE.
 Wow. I guess if you can't control everybody else you can keep your own people stupid. I hope it makes them feel better about things.   That just makes so much sense!
 Jesus Christ you guys sound like fucking conspiracy theorists.  Get over yourselves and fucking vote for the lesser of two evils.  And yah you're totally right every politician that has ever lived is a complete scumbag and they are all exactly the same.
 if you don't like **the law** stop bitching and go move to another country!!
 Pfffft you are like *soooooo* wrong. You have to crouch and aim down sight and stuff. And throw grenades. Minecraft and Skyrim are for faggots!
 It was a last present from his dying mother before she passed away from six different types of cancers you asshole.
 AAAARRRGGG this site's going to hell!!! REPOSTS EVERYWHERE!!!
 Some people enjoy some EA games..... yea fuck them right?!?!
 You're hideous!
 LOL guys! Balls! Hahahahaha!
 You fucking monster. How DARE you draw attention to the fact that women CHOOSE to earn less than men! How can you LIVE with yourself! Woman hater!
 But telling women what their opinions are is alpha as fuck!
 Didn't you get the memo!? Today is only for sincere heartfelt posts! Not jokes you insensitive butt fucker!
 You already get it in welfare you lazy peasants!
 Did you cook him breakfast too you damn liberal?
 Living a lavish lifestyle has nothing to do with it. Are you saying poor people can't be self centered attention demanding douchebags?   A) everytime you open your lout do anything say anything you're putting on an act. You're acting like you. Much the same way people say they're on a  diet  when in reality they're always been on a diet. Just a shittier one. A diet is what you eat.  B) there is no reason to burst out into a show tunes song because your friend is talking to someone else. (Have literally had this happen to me. Was talking to buddy mentioned below at his apartment. 1 of his theater friends was there and mid conversation I'm talking to my buddy. They just start shouting some song next us. What the fuck is that about)  Trust me. One of my best friends from high school is a theater major. He's a great guy. And some of his friends are alright and I enjoy hanging out with them. But the vast majority are clueless about the world think they're the center of it are generally pretentious. And completely fucking annoying. And it's painfully obvious everything they do is to gain acceptance from their acting peers because they're the only people that matter obviously. Actors are soooo much better and more interesting then everyone else but people just don't *get* it.
 It has to be those damn pirates!
 Yeah if you're working hard to find a job but can't find one given the state of the economy *fuck you*.
 It's the homosexuality that's abound!!
 And then he anally raped you cause all gay people just want to pound ass. Just like all straight people want kids right?
 Yeah seriously. Fuck that guy for saying PC gaming is superior to console gaming.
 Cram it down your dick nothing works better.
 and photo bombed by gol dang hommie sexuals!
 Good that fucking traitor.
 but that kid was such a dick.  And you should lose all your civil rights if you're a jerk to a police officer!
 So wait. She's pissed that her boyfriend cheated on her and she's ranting about it? Oh yeah... what a feminazi.
 Yeah! Why doesn't everyone get the right to rape and sexually assault whoever they want?!
 I like how much of a douche bag you are to the innocent people you murder unfairly after you kill them. It really restores my faith in 12 year olds.
 I don't know about you but I find all of my stress oozes out with the yucky puss its a healing process.
 Next he's probably gonna do something as inaccurate as make a movie about a group of hitmen machine-gunning hitler to death. God Tarantino's such a fucking moron.
 Yeah fuck the academy as I stand here holding a trophy given to me by them instead of not going at all to the damn things.  Yeah fuck em all right.
 You are obliged to have sex with her regardless of her STD status.
 Fuck everyone having fun because fun doesn't exist in third world countries!!
 RICCHAAAAAAAAAAAARD DAWKINS  SUCK IT ALL OF YOU
 Fight Back! Use all your spare money to buy swaps against this traitor.
 Fuck you I listen to Metallica they are the only real metal band
 Because she is smoking hot!
 It's just a truth of nature gosh you liberal arts SRSistas are sooooooooo predictable!!!!11!1!
 YOUR OPINION IS DIFFERENT?! ***FUCK YOU MAN.***
 I fucking love Willow Smith!
 FUCK YOUR OPINION!
 Kick their ass and take their gas!!!
 Problematic? Well fuck it then.
 Sexual Harassment! Hey-O!
 Yeah! Exactly! Fuck you idiots who call this people and place Bombay! Britisher pig scum!
 That's gay brah.
 Because with all the Karma OP has now he can buy an expensive car in the reddit shop. He's whoring out his baby! That sick fuck
 I stand outside my home constantly looking at my watch pacing back and forth and when they driver shows up I go  Well what took so fucking long  I sign the pad and throw the teathered stylius back and mutter  Asshole  as I walk back inside.
 Oh yeah. Totally Jesse's fault that Walt sold him to some Meth cooking nazis.
 Yeah fuck developers that need money! They should give us the cheapest possible price on everything and keep their jobs and lives afloat!
 Yeah **fuck them** for trying to make the method by which the provide an awesome free service more friendly and useful.
 You mean that thing grandma uses to check her AOL account?  SHUT UP PC MASTER RACE!
 Holy shit you are a genius.
 YEAH! FUCK HIM! GO GATORS!
 Yeah fuck SRS for thinking rape is a serious issue!
 Natalie Halloway is back fuck everything else.
 Don't you fucking ever support the amusing showmanship some fighters offer us. You fucking watch the fights with a stone cold emotionless blank face turn off post fight interviews and then go read fighter stats the rest of the night. Fucking immature casuals.
 Yeah fuck broadening his musical style we want the old Kanye back.
 Wow you wouldn't even set it up for him? God damn you are such an asshole OP
 Yeah fuck you for being proud of your kid.  Your kid is what's wrong with the world being all smart and shit and not going around being an idiot like the people on Jersey Shore.  Boooo! your books and whatnot.  Watch Honey Boo Boo like the rest of us.
 OF COURSE ITS OKAY YOU STUPID FUNDIE
 No not at all.  He should break up with you for even thinking about asking him to stop.  Bitches be crazy!
 But the stock market is up!!  The shopping malls are full of people buying shit on credit.  The car dealers are busy selling cars on credit to people who already have cars.    Good Times are here again.  We had some *real change* so it's time to get back to spending.   ....
 It's a conspiracy I tell you the government disguised as aliens disguised as Jews rigged the election.
 Obama's administration....DUH!!!! That damned commy fascist.
 Are you fucking kidding me? This kid's a tactical genius!
 Yay let's fuck content creators!
 Yeah what the fuck did she do to earn our respect. She didn't even place GOLD in the Olympics..She's only the SECOND best gymnast in the world. Dumb Cunt.
 Fuck you - the internet is the only source necessary to make a completely informed and rational opinion!
 Yeah lets make every post on reddit into a fucking meme
 Fuck no he was banging my wife the scum deserved to die.
 OH DAMN he's being pegged!!! Let's shame him guise! (He's obviously a homosexual duhh)
 Yeah those MOS's they aren't real Marines anyway.  Let them go find some other job bunch of fuckin POGs.
 Meh! You can't add money in Credit Card. STUPID
 No its just stupid americans at it again.  God americans are so stupid.   I hate americans.
 Yeah fuck the growth of the league! Canadian teams only! Also only Canadian players!  Furthermore rename it the Canadian Hockey League so we don't get any filthy foreign trash in our sacred game!
 Maybe if she fucks a bunch of  bad boys  she'll grow up a little.
 Damn you Jefferson!!!
 HEY GUYS THEY LIKE THE GAME IN HERE LETS FUCK SHIT UP
 Right? Fuck everybody else!
 Yes !!!  Ever take a Kidney?  That's $5K on the black market. Let the fucker bleed out who cares.
 This takes the totally worthwhile idea of having a clipboard and fucks it up with active shooter fantasies.
 I was hungry this morning so I trolled my fridge. LOLLOLL!!111!oneone
 You know what you're right. Fat people are fucking disgusting and don't deserve to be compared with skinny people.
 OP is beta as fuck
 Don't you want to buy the latest 10 bladed window blinds face scraping technology?  Women won't like you if you miss a spot shaving or get razor burn and your boss will think your stupid incompetent and can't shave if you've got 5 o'clock shadow at 2 o'clock!!!  Buy our goop in a can it's specially formulated to smell good and make women fall all over you. You're not a loser are you?
 Yeah fuck equal rights activists
 Oh yeah well where's your fucking source?
 She's attractive she must be a dumb bitch!
 OMG REALLY! Your mom is a cruel heartless human being. How could she do something like that!? Its still not too late you know what to do TheIdesoflight. The fate of the world is in your hands now.
 yeah your reputation is fucked.... i mean shit i bet he was never your age never jerked off.... man youre just so fucked
 Thats because we have a lot more slackers. Get three jobs you lazy flea bags.
 Racist.
 Get off of* it. Jeez retard.
 America hasn't had a war reach our soil since WWII if you count Pearl Harbor. Since the Civil War if you don't count Pearl Harbor since they didnt  land troops .  It sounds nice in imagination land where people don't fucking die. Kids on reddit though what the fuck do they know about actual war. War is just something that happens off in distant savage lands not here in God's gift to the world.
 Wow you horrible bastard.
  Goddamnit you're just too afraid to admit how sexy you think I am. Deniaaaaaaal.
 That is suspicious as fuck. Fly if you have nothing to hide. NSA is tracking you now.
 Yeah how dare that motherfucker have a different opinion than you do.  You should have definitely vandalized his property.
 DAE Wanna Kill Microsoft?? Yea lets kill Microsoft!!!!! It's the only way guys!!!
 Oh my god this guy is dressed as yugi from yugioh how could you not know that... Fucking pleb
 and if you don't take it as seriously as I do you are a complete asshole and should climb the largest nearby object and fuck off.
 No shit.
 oh shit thats crazy 10 whole players in a queue. NO FUCKING WAY.
 What the Fuck are newspapers?
 You are right crazy. He should have told you that you would have to quit smoking **BEFORE** you got married.
 I'm going to upvote you because you're totally the stronger sex!
 Second amendment bitches. Right to bare arms! Fucking liberals!
 You know what. When you atheists die and get reincarnated (or whatever the hell you claim happens.) I hope that you get reincarnated as a tree. Yes a tree. So when you're a tree just standing there blowing in the breeze a big sweaty guy with an ax comes and chops you down. THUUMP!!! And then they grind you up. GRIIIIND!!! and make paper out of you. Then when you're paper they PRINT THE BIBLE ON YOU!!!!!!!
 Because beating up Arabs is so much better.
 Yeah seriously are you fucking retarded?
 Clearly you're a prude
 OMG! A big truck towing another big truck! Fuck I sure am glad I don't live in that hell hole you people call Canada!
 Didn't fucking see that coming
 Don't say that its not OK to say you don't like something anymore. You either like it or shut the fuck up.
 You're crazy they're just money grubbing corporations.
 No they aren't shut the fuck you imbecile.
 YEAH MAN FUCK THE COPS FIGHT THE POWER
 Oh ya they're so deep aren't they?  Paint a dead person's face black cop shows up = social injustice.  Ugly guy gets a new head then chicks like him. Wow those aren't fuckin stupid after all.
 Shut up and go get my Amazon order off that 50' shelf!  Viva la Service Economy!
 Oh damn.  I was going to vote for Romney but this article changed my mind.  Forget Benghazi.  Forget Fast and Furious.  Forget ObamaCare.  Romney running an ad like this makes me not want him to be President.  Let's go for four more years of leadership like we saw with the Benghazi attacks.   .
 Yeah seriously. There's always like several hundred people that enjoy it and push it to the front page. Fuck them.
 Yea but you're obviously a terrorist.
 Best idea ever!!! Lets put it in the Everglades!!!! Fuck nature!!!!
 Fuck off we're full.
 I don't get why it's funny. It's cause he can't speak English properly right?  Fuckin' Asians shouldn't even try to speak English. What a dumb ass for trying to learn to another language.
 Hey don't you know that all gypsies literally **want** to be homeless and eat out of trash cans and steal for fun. It's true a Romanian guy told me that's their culture.
 Well fuck you too!
 Yeah OP! Asshole!
 Don't you understand that simply by typing the word rape as a white heterosexual male you have committed rape?
 Democracy! Fuck yeah!
 Sure I heard in Mac Rumors that in a not so distant future you would be able to sinc the iPad over PDDoUF (Pixies dust data over unicorn farts) directly to the datacenter in the Minitrue.  Remember you all **envious bitches** we're talking about devices filled with magic. shesh.  Oh and You bitch because we need to buy $40USD cables? Try to fucking stash a dozen or more pixies inside a cable! fuck why people are so envious? I bought this iPad waiting for some appreciation and respect and all I do is run from forum to forum cleaning the stains ignorant people dare to smear on the good ol Apple damn people get a life and don't be poor k?.
 They fucked that one up by making it a shoot em up.
 too bad you're natural that just means you're not working hard enough. those guys on gear are working way harder than you just because they stuck that needle in their ass.
 How dare you you fucking perverted creep. Rot in hell you monster.
 You don't like a good cervix tickling? Its like dry sex in my opinion fantastic and the way its meant to be.
 STFU!  it's none of your business if you are being killed!
 Stupid EPA rules.
 You sound like such a terrible parent!
 NO shitlord perfection has no standard. Everyone is perfect unless they have a peen then they are rapists. Perfect rapists.   Words are cis shitlord.
 You're implying that being a mom isn't the toughest job on the planet? What a woman hating mother fucker
 What the fuck. I submitted a comic just like this forever ago. Fuck you.
 No that was someone... anyone... else's fault.  Not possibly anything to do with republicans fucking us all over or anything.
 NO! NO FUCK YOU! WE DESIGNED THE GAME TO BE SOCIAL DAMNIT AND YOU WILL LOVE IT! #getsocialordisconnecttrying
 A while later but the Pint is back to being a shithole. The service is bad unless you get a rare good server the food is  meh  and they don't let you pay with debit. Instead they expect you to use their cash machine which charges you like $3 just to pull out money.  Plus it's douche haven again. Sweeeeet. Just what Edmonton needed more of.
 Muhfucking NHS y'all. We really really need it. Just think the obese guy who ate himself straight into cardiac arrest could be getting triple bypass surgery on your dollar. The guy who smoked himself through 40 years of his life could be hitting you up for his laryngitis voice box. The drunk asshole who crashed his motorcycle could be getting surgery on your dime. Fuckin' socialized medicine y'all. Shut the fuck up and just pay us and everythings ok. Never question anything. That's the way to live. God save the Queen!
 narrenburg wrote:   Yea! The only thing a man is good for is fucking. The only way to show her you mean business is to fuck fuck fuck!
 but amg there isn't a woman president in the US! it's proof of cisgender white male cispriviledge! you can't disprove it because you're a cisgener white male with cispriviledge!
 Lol... you know now that I think about it some more... you're just soooo right. Maybe they should actually set up a Haitian tea party. That's exactly what they need right now. Fuck food pride medicine and all that... they definitely need some tax relief.
 Yes but fuck you.  We're the US mother fucking A beeatch.  We can do what we want cuz we have the biggest guns so stfu.
 Yeah! They're saying Abate may have dislocated his shoulder what a pussy .
 FUCK OFF. HOW DID YOU SET A GOAL AND MEET IT?! AMA NAO.
 Because I got mine and fuck everybody else.
 Gross.
 Yeah what an asshole.
 because women are just sexual objects.
 trust government judgement?  how dare you?!  we're obviously much more intelligent and trustworthy! we're obviously able to do the jobs they do much better than they can...  fuck the government!!!1!
 It's posts like these that will make the minority opinion shut the fuck up.  Guilt tripping them into feeling bad for having a different opinion?  Damn dude.  That's cold.
 Yeah! Fuck her for standing up for the small guy!
 Fucking Aussies and their easily fooled upside-down-eyes!
 How dare you have your opinion of your body! You deserve your downvotes!
 That's awesome fucking evidence! I bet you kill at debates.
 **FUCKING CUNT** *HOLY SHIT!!*
 You're a race traitor is what you are.
 Because all women are exactly the same and are shallow bitches who will dump you for a jock!
 You may have your free Health care but atleast we have our...unlimited... INTERNET!!!  America Fuck yea
 You don't get it you only like your boobs because they get you male attention and it boosts your confidence.
 Don't you get it? He's **JUST COMMENTING ON A BUSINESS PRACTICE WHY DON'T ALL YOU DUMB FUCKERS UNDERSTAND THIS??**
 Fucking hate him
 You almost got statutory raped! omg you're so lucky that didn't happen!
 Guys can't be raped they should be grateful for any sex they get.
 Shu--shut up! I'm almost 7!
 But Romney's a big fat liar!
 Yeah let's start treating all the animals like shit!  Fuck 'em!
 NO FUCKING WAY!!!!  THATS HOW HE DID THAT???  holy shit dude how did you figure that out?????? are you some kind of genie?  *edit
 But she doesn't look sick she's fine slap her on the ass and tell her to suck it up.
 THIS  Your attitude sucks. Please lecture us all some more on how to be proper feminists.
 OH YOU ARE RIGHT NOT BUYING THIS GAME AT ALL IT FUCKING SUCKS
 Mmm nothing sexier than brittle yellow fingernails and dingy teeth. And that stale cigarette smell is soooo intoxicating. Oh and when you kiss and it's like licking an ashtray? Fuck *that* is hot.
 You have an issue with checkpoints this means you have an issue with getting yourself killed. It makes complete sense that this game sucks.
 I don't get it If you need a computer get one that suits your fucking needs. Is this really necessary? Why are all apple fans such propagandists?   woah as im typing this i have a Kraft macaroni and cheese sticker on my macbook pro? weird?
 You BITCH!
 OMG you're right! Obama is the Antichrist!
 Yeah? Well FUCK YOU.
 Careful there slick...America sucks around here mmkay?
 HE'S NOT A PART OF THE MOB... BURN HIM!!
 Could be that you're just a worthless piece of shit. You should buy an iPhone at least it will make you feel like your life has somekind of meaning.
 Nah it's all about your KtoD ratio or you're a faggot.
 incredible success in producing teen girls that don't ask you to put a condom on booyah!!
 It's so we can call you guys fat ugly and stupid.
 You don't let the prostitutes get away with anything?  What an asshole.
 Man I wish all those stupid black people would quit smoking outside my window. What? You're offended? I was only addressing the *stupid* ones!
 those damn vidya games
 yup feeding preteens is like feeding wild animals. that's how you get bears in your trash bins.
 fuck off when have cats ever been relevant on the internet
 THANKS REFS FOR FUCKING UP ANOTHER ONE!
 More sex than you maybe. I pride myself on having more frequent sexual encounters than most smaller mammals.
 Racist.
 Who the hell wants to give up struggling?  It is the spice of life!
 yeah they have such a rock solid ideology that it is hard to argue with.  The #1 problem facing america is muslims followed by mexicans gays blacks atheists and then the economy.  Stupid fucking dems keep working on the economy when the hell are they going to fix the real problems the de-whiting of america
 You don't like SRS?  WHY THE FUCK DO YOU LIKE PEDOPHILES AND RAPE SO MUCH????
 So fuck. Danny Graham plays for the scum and he's a Geordie.   I hope Ben Arfa's oven gloves aren't any other colour than black and white otherwise he can fuck off out of the club.
 Fuck you taig.  It's fine because you're probably in Scotland.
 what the fuck?  fucking socialism.  I dont want to pay because some broke asshole ran out of gas or cant afford a car that works.  dont be poor.  this is 'Merica.
 THEY'RE GOING TO LET NOEL PLAY FOR KENTUCKY NEXT YEAR TOO?! WTF MAN!
 Yea fuck the other people in the word. I only try to help numero uno. What was that Lassie? Timmy fell down a well? Tough shit Lassie. It's none of my business.
 Wow I bet gay people have never thought about it that way you should pitch your opinion to them and make them straight which is much better!
 Am I the only one who took this poll seriously i mea come one guys this a a poll for an internet forum you all y'all are just dicking around
 GET THE FUCK OUT
 D'aaaawww... you went out like a little pussy with the slate-grey paint job.  Be a real motherfucker and get one with a neon paint job.
 You saw a black man being loud.  I saw Best Buy being a piece of shit.  Of course I fucking hate Best Buy... so what does that say about how you feel about black people hmmm?
 Yeah cause dog piss gives me cancer.  Fuck you dogs!
 Fuck that bitch she just wants to abuse our free health care
 Damn Albert Einstein is one hard motherfucker.
 No all resist they're clearly shit.
 No. You namby pamby sissy pants!!!!
 graphics are a bit shit
 haha what a fag XD
 Yeah. Completely fucked up. Last place I would want to live
 You enjoy using your penis on occasion. Therefore you are an oppressor!!!  Don't you know? All PIV sex is rape.
 Yeah fuck that guy he deserved it.
 No fuck that. He fucked us over.
 The cute thing came at the end.. the other frames showed you being a dick to your little kid! REDDIT ARMY does not approve!
 It's Digg! As loyal rabid reddit fanpersons we must boycott stuff!
 Yeah Me and you we watch The Jersey Shore like manly men should.Fuck these shows for little kids.
 lol buttsex is totes the same as homosexuality
 Regulation?  In America?  Are you a fucking communist?!?!?!
 We're talking about TAXING the RICH... WTF AINHVOENALVNE! AKNVOENAaAA ARE YOU EVEN TALKING ABOUT!!!  GOSH YOU MODERATES JUST DON'T GET IT!
 Yes let's give Africa back to the whites! Damn blacks can't manage anything on their own!
 How dare they give me free stuff! Assholes!!!1!
 Yeah. I would much rather have someone smothering my every word with their furious rants on how dumb I am.
 This is why baseball is the greatest fucking game on earth.
 As a short guy: I hate you.
 do the research you zionist shill!!!
 Right what a dumbass for sticking up for herself.
 What are you STOOPID?
 Because he's a shitty parent for leaving his young kids unsupervised.   Obviously it's someone else's fault when something goes wrong!
 Psh no you don't. He's a jerk.
 how about next time you FUCKING DO IT RIGHT
 So furries are just under molestation on your scale? You've clearly got your priorities in order.
 Whitman couldn't get elected to Congress and play austerity so she takes over at HP and does it there!    Hooray austerity!  Go fuck yourselves you lazy ass employees time to quit sucking at John Galt's teat and get a real job!
 You must be lying because everyone over here who isn't telling me your system is totally fucked up is telling me that it's an amazing system where you always get everything you need for free and everyone ends up playing hopscotch at age 112. There's no way it can be in the middle man! That would require the entire political spectrum in my country to be lying to me! You're crazy! CRAZY I SAY!
 Shhh Fandroids are on their way. You use common sense you must hate Android. Why do you not like what we like why???
 But false rape accusations don't happen it's only like 2% you shitlord.
 Yay Dolphins vs. Jets to see who suck the most!
 Why you narrow minded intolerant motherfucker.
 You better check your privilege mother fucker we have a strict set of rules and guidelines for anarchy here neck beard shitlord if you can't follow the rules we will ban you from srsanarchy
 FUck you you little piece of shit. he does something I don't like I don't give a fuck if hes the second coming of Jesus Christ hes a fucking ultra douchenozzle fuckfag hitlersexer. Just for this sutpid fucking coment Im downvoting every fucking dumbass piece of garbage youve ever potsed and reprting you to the mods.  **FUCK YOU**
 Because as a bisexual all I really want from every friend I have is to fuck them.
 Racist.
 Fucking hipsters.
 But if you're not white you're a filthy slave illegal Jewish terrorist and you're definitely not a true American. Hitler chose the wrong people.
 You don't understand man! Its got the fucking power of the cloud!
 While you were homeless I was drinking champagne on wall street. Get a job hippie.
 Well maybe if you weren't such an uppity white kid rubbing it in his face you would've had a better outcome.
 Cause you know:  fuck actors for having a life other than sucking some peon's pencil dick.
 Assert your male dominance show that cunt who's boss damnit!!
 Because fuck diplomacy right? Let's just go back to fighting it out every couple of decades.
 BBBBut the CHILLLDREEEN think of the little defenseless children!  You are a child molester aren't you?  YOU MONSTERRRR!!
 Kick puppies
 HOLY FUCK! ROMNEY LIED?! STOP THE FUCKING PRESSES THIS NEEDS TO BE KNOWN!!!! THE WORLD REALLY IS ENDING ROMNEY LIED!!!! WHAT WILL WE DO TIME AND SPACE AS WE KNOW IT ARE ABOUT TO CHANGE.....  /capslock
 Congrats! You can no longer work in Osaka public office or school. You are a gangster and member of anti-social groups wether you like it or not. You should not even go near any kids. Now cover that up.
 Who let this dumb fuck speak?
 C'mon killing people's fun!
 Hockey's racist man.  It's a bunch of white guys hitting a black puck around the ice.
 Yeah. That lucky motherfucker. I wish I was crippled too.
 Maybe you shouldn't have been such a bitch.
 Fucking *wonderful* idea.
 I think you have a tumor on the back of your head in the shape of Jackie Chan...
 Yeah! Those fucking sociopaths. Shame on them for trying to make a profit while feeding the world. While we're at it fuck pharmaceutical companies. We'd be way better if they never bothered to make drugs. Those unethical bastards making money off the backs of cancer patients.
 Oh yeah? Well  stupider  isn't a word! Nyah!
 Romney reveals again that he's a liar. Shocking!
 You should start lifting. Tiny ass fucking man.
 Had a heart attack. Fucking hilarious.
 I love how you got down voted for this how dare you speak up about this issue and not just continue to condemn fat people! Be more American damn you!
 Wow you use Internet explorer and watch videos about call of duty? Get the fuck off Reddit.
 Since fuck you that's when.
 Oh shit a differing opinion.  Guess I better downvote it.
 Why the fuck were you watching him traitor!
 Because the human body is *disgusting* and *immoral*. KEEP YOUR BREASTS COVERED UP.  REPENT.
 Shut your bong hole hippie!
 Oh of course! Cuz abortion is *murder* and unwanted children? Oh who gives a shit about unwanted kids.. God sez ALL babies are wanted by HIM. Just not you muggle.. getcher hands outta the cookie dough! Having a baybeeeee makes you a parenting expert just because you were in labor for 12 hours. TWELVE HOURS I said!!!
 I've really never seen so much profession-based discrimination as on reddit. All police are inherently evil nazis because fuck you. If you're a cop and you get killed by someone you were probably asking for it.
 Oh so just because she is black she's a thief!
 Fuck you Nelson  all you did was answer the guys question with accurate information.
 You make your points clearly and with rational argument. Get out of here CIA/Jew/giant lizard shill!
 Stop saying eggs Josh! Fuck!
 Sheep man.  Get a good flock and you'll eat and fuck like a king.
 Someone accomplishes something that is very cool and difficult better be a dick to make myself feel better about all these n00bs I get stuck with.
 FUCK! You just went and got Toy Story banned from every school in America.  Nice work dick!
 Shitlord.
 He's such a horrible guy it's easy to see why everyone hates him.
 Yeah all the crimes you assholes commit and get away with have nothing to do with it whatsoever.
 Sure it does.  Cops assume all black men are criminals.  When was the last time you saw a black man commit a crime?
 Yep. It's this game that made him kill kids. Oh and the gun too. All the fault lies in games and guns. They made him a crazy asshole.
 You just need to calm down.... for fucks sake you're an adult!
 That's not Mickey!!?? Are you trying to fool me? Mickey is a human/mouse hybrid not a bad imitation of boba fett
 She won't you mysoginstic asshole
 Man fuck you. I only read half your comment and you are judging me. Downvote!
 Yes.  This is why you dont take fucking punters so early. dear lord.
 Spoilers mother fucker.
 I just hope they can't get a voter ID card because then that'd be fucken crazy...who let the crazy assholes vote to begin with!!!
 Carlin? Care to fucking explain on your fucking thoughts on how/why he fucking   sold out  in yer opinion? He was a fucking great friend of mine to the motherfucking end and I'd be fucking pissed if he didn't expect me to fucking go and fucking tearing him a new fucking ass if he fucking did.  Now fucking shut up and fucking say fucking sorry you motherfucker!
 Plz scrub kill lei shin already. It's not like he's HARD or anything
 What a retarded pic. You don't understand OP's feelings at all you just sit in the back of your chair and pres Ctr+c and Ctr+v and think you saved a fucking live what a hero you are.  It doesn't work that way and people like you make me angry. Why the fuck would he do all that shit. He wants to die he doesn't give a shit about sharks terrorists or moving to barcelona. He lives through a daily hell on earth and his mind is fucking killing him. He needs psichiatric help not a fucking copypasta from an imageboard.  But you certainly feel very good don't you? you should be proud
 hey shut up you arrogant asshole! thinking you're better than op just because you would've turned the dishwasher on... despicable.
 GOSH.  Stop being such a DICK... You're giving us such a bad name!!!
 You think she fucked his nasty ass and sucked his dick for nothing ?!?!
 Shut up commie!
 Yeah! Fuck those people with lifestyles other than yours!
 They are the gods choosen ones. They can do whatever the fuck they want!
 Married man? Your... husband?!  You... YOU MONSTER!!!!
 Wait!!!!!!!!!  You're a fucking Papist????????????  Screw you!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Of course no one has considered that. You're obviously a lying passive-aggressive bitch. He should leave you and go fuck her anyway.
 Perfect solution! Buy 26 bucks worth of crap to put on a cord instead of just getting a new cord!
 Killing people not as bad as political posturing got it.
 Full jungle vision. Psh fucking useless
 Sounds like a ssociety on it's way to heck!  Dirty heathens!!!!!!!!
 INSTAGRAM OH MY FUCK WHO THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOU ARE FAGGOT!
 Some of them even give you a blow job while you're getting it done!  Wow!!  Fantastic!
 No free stickers!?  Suck a bag of dicks!
 Fuck you that's not true at all you communist pig!
 Fuck you for asking people to back up their opinions with credible information.
 STRAIGHT A'S IS THAT ALL YOU GOT?  HOW MANY AP CLASSES YOU GOT? TWO? ARE YOU KIDDING ME?  YOU NEED AT LEAST A 4.8!  HOW MANY CLUBS ARE YOU IN? IM BUILDING A FUCKING FLYING ROBOT THAT CURES CANCER  ARE YOU GOOD AT SPORTS? WHAT'S THAT YOU AREN'T IN THE TOP .1% OF THE BEST? YOU'RE BASICALLY NOT AN ATHLETE.
 Of course you  fucked up .
 Yeah fuck those Europeans. America has the best economy healthcare and unbiased media in the fucking world
 yeah but they're all fucking pigs
 Yeah I don't like their attitude. Fuckin' torture 'em.
 Yeah!  It's completely fucking awesome to carve up your own flesh in ornamental ways. Anyone who doesn't see it the way is a judgemental prick run by the man. Who needs a personality or therapy when you can pay someone to cut you! I DON'T LISTEN TO YOUR SOCIETY!!!
 Fuck I forgot I was browsing Tumblr right now.
  FUCK YEA! My plans for the evening are fucked and now I'm in an awkward situation where I HAVE to let someone down thanks to my GF passive-aggressively forcing herself in to my home when I was busy. AWESOME (I'm-fucked-five)!  There's your excitement.
 Damn. It sucks that you didn't have the Iron Boots or something.
 You can pretend you're an artist but more sophisticated.  You can wear turtle necks or unique glasses without question.  You can be known for never being anywhere without a coffee.   In closing you're like James Bond but instead of having a license to kill you have a license to be an asshole.
 Fuck the fourth amendment.
 Exactly! People who are poor are simply too lazy and stupid to get a better job! All poor people are bad with money!
 Wow it was pesticides killing bees... what a shocker.
 Unless you're well off.   Stupid lazy poor people getting sick.
 Yeah fuck those people whose fashion I dislike! I hope they die. How dare they perpetrate something I find visually unappealing? I hope they get stabbed in the butt by the ass stabber!
 Yeah you can never trust those sleazy .org .gov and .us addresses. Fuck yeah Americans!
 Fuck you for thinking. Take a downvote.
 Circlejerks all around! Downvote this fucker burn him at the stake for not saying this game is a perfect 10!!!
 You're an idiot. Clearly you're brown.
 I think that downvote was deserved fuck him for sharing his opinion/experience.
 But stock android is perfect thats why I only buy nexus phones! All Touchwhiz crap should just die!
 That sucks ass dude. I didn't think anyone was supposed to smile in their i.d. photos for fear of not being able to id someone. What are they thinking? Only terrorists smile?! Stupid.  My question: Do you think you'll ever live down your name and have you ever considered changing it to something a bit more  American ...?  - You'd make a good Bob I think.
 I thin you mean  Aw FUCK!
 Hey listen man I had no control over the powder charge going off when the firing pin struck the cartridge. It's not *my* fault that when I touched the trigger the bullet went hurtling off and killed my neighbor. People don't kill people. Guns do!
 Grew up in Burrville(between Torrington and Winsted)and yeah this is pretty much it. They're there but if the DEEP admitted it they'd have to give them protection.  The DEEP also likes to think that people who have  lived in the CT woods their entire lives are too fucking stupid to tell the difference between a 20-30lb Bobcat and a fucking 150lb+ mountain lion. Because you know we're fucking stupid and should just shut up already... gawd.
 YEAH MAN MY FAMILY LIVED NEXT TO A GUY WHOS FRIEND KNOWS THE FAMILY OF A 1%ER SO I KNOW MAN.  ALSO IT'S KUTTE YOU FUCKIN' MORON DON'T YOU EVER READ WIKIPEDIA? I MEAN SEE ABOVE I KNOW SHIT!
 Whatever you probably deadlift sumo too fucking cheater.
 you're probably right. *Only in the U.S*. can having a lot of money get you out of shit.
 Fucking fuck fuck
 Well that's OBVIOUSLY because your family has no idea how to spend money and you were too stupid to get roommates to share your expenses.  Jesus people it's not that hard to budget!
 Requiring evidence of liability property damage and WC insurance for drivers from a company that drives people around? In cars? CPUC's got a lot of fucking nerve.
 Absolute fucking disgrace. Great cup run boys!
 FUCK those hindos!
 GETTIN SICK OF YOU MAKING ME SO THIRSTY FUCK
 Sounds like a huge fucking douche fuck.  Also if I was your current boyfriend I wouldn't let you hang out with him.  I mean I don't think its a man place to tell her girl what to do or any bullshit like that but this man *assaults you.*  I would worry for your safety.  Even if he was asleep (sure great excuse) and it  wasn't his fault  he still all-but-raped you.  I would constantly be stressing out that there's a aggressive douche-nozzle going to beat and rape my girlfriend and you'd have to stop seeing him or stop seeing me cause I don't like girls that can't stand up for themselves.  Seriously I don't know him I read that you've been friends for 5 years or what ever but he's a pile of shit.  I giant reeking selfish asshole who drinks when he knows he shouldn't and then sexually assaults his friends.  Also he's going no where in life.  Sounds like a great friend a real pleasure to be around who encourages the best out of his everyone around him.  I love the way he respects those close to him.
 Yeah annoying people deserve to get seriously injured while handcuffed and defenseless!  Dumb bastards.
 FUCK YOU COMMIE!!
 Nibiru! WE'RE ALL GONNA DIE!!!
 Yeah that'll show them who's better than whom. Let's be huge dicks to a stranger that was a huge dick to a stranger.
 yeah don't tell that to all the fucking moronic entitled kids in here who think it's perfectly normal to not want to fuck your wife and instead look at porn.   surely that won't damage your relationship at all in the long term
 Fuck your opinion this is reddit.
 OMG Fuck that dead guy who made the phones we all hate derp
 Well it's just aggravating for the Daytime-Weekday gunnits who put in full time hours analyzing and critiquing every * hey I had a fun day at the range * picture.   I mean just because you look up for two seconds while you're shooting with your rifle down range so your boyfriend can snap a picture is no excuse. There are *rules* damn it!
 YOU SELFISH MONSTER! HOW DARE U NOT MAKE THE BABIESSSSSSSSSSS!
 Nope in my day we wet our finger and if boards and chickens stuck to it we got in the storm shelter. You little puppets want the government to wipe your ass every time something happens. Grow up.
 Yup.  How dare men sit around and smoke pot and play video games with their friends!  Why can't the *grow the fuck up*?
 sell out!  what are you like trying to make money off your app or something? disgusting.
 Fuck you for being successful crack baby!
 I find it hilarious this comment gets 13 upvotes. He is basically saying that he should dictate how you play the game before you even get to enjoy it.   People that do spot in this game could tell you that even when you spot your r-tard teammates still manage to die at the hands of people that have been spotted. I see this all the fucking time with the MAV. But that doesn't matter. Let's keep up the fucking circlejerk against recons cause they are useless shit
 BURN THEM!!!!!
 Aw yeah mother fuckin slut shaming.
 Are you a member of a certain defunct political party? Yes or yes. You nazi scum.
 Go back to digg fag.
 How dare you post this!   Everyone knows the black guy created all this mess!
 You like a spinoff of one of the Big Three anime? You must be made of shit tier.
 I want my grandkids already damnit! stop being so selfish and worrying about your own happiness!
 So you're saying you aren't a hot chick with nice boobs?
 Fucking Kobe Bryant and Lebron James.  Ruined the game.
 You're all actually lizard people and I'm the reincarnation of Jesus.   My beliefs are just as valid as anyone else and if you try to disprove it will only go to show how stupid you actually are.
 Yeah it sucks that they pushed the MLB opening day back to June 26th this year and I can't believe the NBA and NHL playoffs wrapped up before the end of May this year!
 I can tell you are a liar because you make having kids sound fun!
 Yes fuck this man and his horrifically injured sister because he may have debatably worded his post title slightly less than tactfully.
  Your hymen tore during the pelvic exam? WELL WHY DON'T YOU JUST GO FUCK THE ENTIRE FOOTBALL TEAM YOU WHORE!?
 Yeah how DARE she show support for her country! Fuck her she should die in a fire!
 Also beating slaves was such a burden on slave owners it's amazing anybody had them!
 Holy shit finally.
 So she's choosing to fuck women so that she can be a more complete feminist? Yea that'll never catch up to her
 Hey you.. Get your fucking logic and rational thinking out of r/politics.  There is no place for that around the hivemind!
 Thanks asshole!
 But that's not what reddit likes! You need to act like you're better than everyone else and smoke out of a diamond studded glass bong and a 1300 dollar glass chillum shaped like snoop lions dick!
 Can you fix my pants you worthless sack of shit?
 **OH MAN WHAT THE FUCK**
 Autism asperbergers blah blah shoot him up and make docile better at math clearly there's something wrong with him!
 Yeah fuck this law and fuck christians!
 You started on ***CONSOLE?***  Fucking casual peasant trash
 Well golly maybe he was also having sex with people in exchange for his services!  Did you ever think of that?  This guy might be a fucking monster for all we know!
 Yea fuck Thomas Jefferson. What an idiot.
 Because you are a lying crap that's why.
 Yeah but he left two on base. What a selfish asshole.
 Dude the music industry fucking ruined your video (they weren't losing any money from 5 tracks on a home video they were just being dicks). What are you going to do about this? You're going to advertise the 5 tracks in question and tell us how awesome they are? Yeah! right! that'll teach them!
 I'm a vegan and I am even *more* self-righteous than you already are. Fuck you for being a vegetarian and not a vegan you selfish prick.
 So if a cop was giving you a stern talking to you'd ignore everything he said?   Such a badass
 stupid Muslims.
 They just don't let the diet and fashion industry guilt them to self-hating like those size 22's. Stupid anorexic size 22 skinny fuckers.
 You don't like scrolling past a million  that was a fucking foul refs!  to find any argument for or against the matter?
 But he's such a pussy!
 Who cares if your mother is a crackhead and your dad an abusive alcoholic.  You better damn choose them over your dog if you had to choose!
 'MURICA FUCK YEAH!
 but...but...but they are brown shit-hole people! they are scum and nothing worth!!!
 pussies.
 Bullshit you stole these from the TF2 blog.
 HOW THE FUCK DON'T YOU LIKE THE BEATLES? ARE YOU AUTISTIC OR SOMETHING.
 HAHAHAHA!!!!! So fucking funny
 Wow what a toxic attitude thats really fucked up so many people watching and he just dunks un him while the kid is just trying to improve
 FUCKING MISOGYNIST!
 Nice try faggot nigger.
 Yeah fuck these guys for posting new hockey highlights on a subreddit for hockey.
 You may well just break the news to him that he sucks and save him any further embarrassment.
 The guy trusts in a gun community to answer a gun related question?  Crucify the motherfucker!
 Yeah Man on the moon sucks and I suck dicks.
 Well Jehovah's Witnesses were also targeted by Nazis so if you don't allow me to refuse a blood transfusion for my child you are literally Hitler!
 Hey I spend 5 hours a day watching stuff on netflix. I've seen all this shit. Fuck you op.
 'that fucking arab' is probably totally able to read your passive aggressive post on facebook
 Oh you're such an Obama hater!
 Nah it's a movie stupid!!!
 You're fucked OP!
 Damn you for not knowing this!
 Because I got mine and anyone else should be less stupid lazy or unsuccessful. Reap what you sow
 Damn Muslims!
 Those bastards!
 Yeah that scum that was trying to help kids make some money. They should hang him.   Suing a kids team is always what good stand up folks do. Fuck those kids.
 HAHAHAHAHA CANNED MIXED DRINKS SO FUCKING FUNNY!!!1!11!!11!one!1!1
 Friendzoned? Oh...that sucks. Now you have to be friends with a girl. How awful. She was obviously obligated to see you as more because you payed attention to her.
  Jesus stop fucking over-thinking it Paul!  People fucking LOVED The Matrix movies!  Nobody even REMEMBERS that the Agent was the bad guy.  All they remember is that that guy wears sunglasses and a suit and is FUCKING COOL and consumers are 38% more likely to retain BRAND FUCKING AWARENESS when it's delivered by a FUCKING COOL character played by an A-LIST HOLLYWOOD ACTOR!  Do we NOT want to make our client look FUCKING COOL?  Oh I guess nobody liked that Volkswagen Superbowl spot with the little kid dressed up as DARTH FUCKING VADER right?  Because Darth Vader is EVIL?  Oh wait no because it got over FIFTY MILLION VIEWS on YouTube and won SEVEN FUCKING CLIOS.
 On a daily basis there is a multitude of black on black murder.  Every so often is there black on white murder.  Neither of those type of cases is nationwide news.  But if there is white(ish) on black murder hold the presses this is fucking critical news!!!
 No they're only incrementing the release numbers to fuck with google.
 Haha what a stupid idea. I'm sure the shareholders would be very happy a psychopath is running their business.
 Oh shut up and go drink your piss water. I only drink craft beers and IPA so fuck you.
 WTF?  Get then F out of here you crazy fuck!
 You racist!
  kitten you are so stupid   ah yes abnormal behavior + eye twitching is just stupid.  not an indication of some kind of neurological disorder.
 You didn't find it that interesting BECAUSE you didn't finish it stupid!
 Lazy foreigners stealing our jobs.
 Yeah I should be able to beat the shit out of my 2 year old! He cries too much! I'm his dad goddammit it's my right!
 Nah man when Blacks say Nigger it's still racist!
 Yeah fuck their culture.
 WHO CARES! OSAMA'S DEAD! AMERICA FUCK YEAH! IF YOU'VE GOT NOTHING TO HIDE YOU'VE GOT NOTHING TO FEAR!
 It's GRAW. Fucking fabulous.
 As with GM fuck those second guys.
 I agree! And if Emilia Clarke shows up in her Khaleesi outfit to give me a handjob tonight it's going to fucking great!
 yeah! fuck them!
 fuck no! I expect you to come into my site quietly so all my pimped site can be appreciated in its whole extent!
 That's cause Apple is evil fuck Apple.
 Yeah I mean they're girls and he's a guy so they should obviously all be having sex with him. What bitches.
 24 fuck you all!
 Fuck yeah you don't need to reimburse that asshole for all his hard work when you can steal it.
 Oh man you should.  It's a killer with the ladies.
 Fuck Einstein that bomb making bastard.
 Fucking theist elephants.
 As a GoM player that's not what it does at all. In fact it inspires more of a  suck it fuckers  mentality because ganging up on us like that makes you really seem to have it coming.   Hurr durr let's help the servers that are being total pricks to us so they stop. Yeahhh!   If you want players on servers that you've spotted hackers on to find and report them then make a call for that. Don't go around punishing an entire server for one douchebag's faggotry. That won't get you any respect from us whatsoever.  Hell most would-be reporters probably can't even get out of spawn because it's being camped so fucking hard. That's a great idea on your part!
 Yes! Kick the fuckers out on the street. That'll teach 'em to be born to a dishonest mother.   Obviously
 Shoulda been born rich!   Stupid liberals!
 *gasp* Racism!
 Thanks for sharing r0ugew0lf! Are you going to let us know when you decide to take a shit?! I'm dying to know!
  Fuck me I'm all out of enemies  -Slipknot Spit it Out 1999
 Yeah I was too. For a fucking chink she's a pretty good shot.
 Because torrenting games helps the industry you fucking idiot.
 DEMOCRATS: ALPHA AS FUCK
 Yup no homosexual has ever been discriminated against after others were wrong to assume them to be straight. All gay people are either glitter farting  valley girl  wannabes or super-butch leather clad lesbians.
 Are you female? If not fuck off.
 I'm sorry I think you mean *hell the fuck yes.*
 well arnt you just the smartest fucker alive.
 No but see if you even talk about condoms kids will start fucking. IN THE CLASSROOM! And because condoms don't work there will be MORE pregnancy!
 Was just about to say...  Fuck Rosie the Riveter bitch was just in it for karma and attention obvs.  But grumpy cat shirt?  Nah that's ok.
 in before IT guy says  fuck off.
 Right! People condemning a terrorist attack... what shills!
 Talk shit - get hit.  Fucking racists.
 Pfft helping your favorite artists make a living?  Who the fuck who do such a silly thing?  It's not like they're providing a good or service for you.
 But guyysssss Louis CK said the word faggot isn't offensive to gay guys any more!!! You give the word power by being offended by it!!!!!
 Team America fuck yeah!
 Hey guys! I hear you can catch herpes from toilet seats too!
 Yeah god forbid people play Halo just because they enjoy playing Halo. Fucking casual plebs need to learn their shit.
 Fuck you man I'm passing an amendment saying  water is dry
 You really can't see a difference between being gay and showing off a huge tattoo expressing genocidal sentiments?  Do you equate people condemning neo-nazis calling for mass slaughter of Jews with kids mocking  gingers  too?  How dare we criticize this guy just because he has a huge fucking tattoo that says we should all be beaten to death which he proudly showed off when he was interviewed after a friend of his actually tried to beat a gay guy to death!  That's **totally** the same thing as picking on a kid for wearing a pink shirt to school!
 I don't want my organs to go to some fucking alcoholic fatty.
 OH just get a large bore shotgun and shoot it renovating your walls at the same time with a few large holes.  Remember it is not nice to shoot or kill your neighbors!
 Ya niksabyte your point is moot 'cuz only 125000 innocents died!  .......uh fucking
 Anderson is SO ducking Sonnen. He totally controls who he fights.
 Lolololol u neckbeard fedora wearing MRA shitlord virgin!!
 Yay who wouldn't enjoy getting 3 months of good play and then 3 years of fuck all
 What are you a submissive pussy or something? you should tell that bitch to shut up and take the garbage out herself.
 BUT PLANETSIDE 1 HAD IT!!!  PLANETSIDE 2 IS INFERIOR!  FUCK SOE!
 *clears throat*.....RACIST!!!!
 shut up you rapist you 'sexual predator'!!
 Gamers never spend any time on Windows fucking with their drivers.
 **WOW THAT'S FUCKING INCREDIBLE HOLY SHIT**
 Don't get me started on that jackass Bob Saget and his  show .
 How dare you agree!  lets downvote the fucker
 The dude's got an omni-blade. I sure wouldn't fuck with him.
 No you're obviously a shill.
 Yeah! Fuck adaptation and self promotion! Those guys suck! ;)
 WHAAAAAT?! SRS turns on one of their own?! NEVER! I CALL FUCKING BULLSHIT!!!!
 Big pat on the back for not withholding sex from your bf!
 Yeah - due process is fucking ridiculous.
 Nothing that a 45 shoved up the docs ass can't cure. Save my wife fucker or loss the balls.  I could see the above happening. What are the idiots thinking?  That is right ya need a brain to think.
 HAHA! IS FUNNY BECAUSE FAT GIRLS DON'T GET TEH D! SOOOOO FUNNY HA HA HA!
 That fuckin' anti-Semite!
 New account?  Yeah bet this is Debney.  Go fuck off.  Do the very doable list of things those you harassed asked and then we'll talk.  And all you  anarchists  fucking mansplaining? Seriously?  Yeah lets continue to practice things perpetuated by the oppressive patriarchal system.  Good idea!
 TTHEN U MUST BE SO POOR LOL!!!11!!
 Omg fucking reddit and reposts. ... Stop up voting reposts!!!
 You know what... its raining here DAMN YOU URBANNNNN!!!!!
 Well you're an Islanders fan so obviously you want Crosby to die and you throw bottles at your own goalie!
 I hate this level so goddamn much because this is what half of each team does.  It's so stupid! *Don't have fun!  Play the game how* **I** *WANT YOU TO PLAY IT!*
 Yeah Mike Rob seems like the kind of guy who does this shit on purpose whenever he gets a chance.  What a dick!
 Psh!  They're just nice guys who are socially awkward.  Stop being a paranoid feminazi.
 What a little cunt I'd like to see him get in a ring with me I would knock his punk ass out!!!
 Wtf man I just started the anime 5 minutes ago. You're a prick
 Catholic priests. And Obama. They'll probably execute Obama.  Fuckin' racists.
 He's a man. Who gives a fuck right?
 Burning shit down and fighting a civil war will thin the herd and create job openings.
 **WHAT. THE. FUCK. IS. WRONG WITH YOU??**  Use the spoiler tag you are ruining everything.
 damn dude you are so fucking progressive!
 Anything by Lil' Wayne is just pure gold.   Put a dick in they mouth I guess it's fuck what they say.
 sucks to be a left-hander!!!! sinners.
 Pfft. White's are *never* victims of racism. Better check your fucking privilege shitlord.
 Well when you use Democratic talking points like  latching on to Obama's cock   of course most people are going to think you're an extreme liberal.
 They need to stop fucking around and ban college students. Problem solved.
 Oh no people actually have to PLAY their games to earn rewards? fuck this valve sucks
 because they'll be too busy sucking cocks to notice they are getting shot at.
 Disgraceful!
 Yeah but you're not a Jew so shut the fuck up.  You're not important.
 Right once you get that sperm all up inside of you then you live the high life sitting on top of a pile of gold like Scrooge McDuck with your kid locked in the basement.
 Thats California those bastards live in the fucking future. They'll even let you smoke pot if a doctor prescribes it. And did you know all their buildings are on 500ft tall poles and they drive flying cars?!?! Inconceivable!!!
 But dude ancient and non-20th century humans were so fucking stupid. There's no way they were close to smart. Surely you already know about the DARK ages.
 USA #1! Fuck Yeah!
 damn sohulists!
 This is why you don't have a girlfriend miserable asshole!
 Holy Crap You know what this means.  Sell your bitcoins now and then you can buy 30% more tomorrow!  What a bullet-proof way to make money and increase my holdings!   What could possibly go wrong?
 No. Fucking. No. Did you not listen to him.  He knows you better then you.
 Fuck this guy for being extra cautious right?
 Flip the thing and there's a latch right? But mile-high sex is so much better than sea level sex!
 removed.  fuck da police
 Because he is a fucking commie that's why
 Ummm EXCUSE ME!? The COPS said that this GUY SHOT A COP... so you think the COP SHOT HIMSELF. OMG this means YOU'RE A DRUG DEALER!
 They probably saw one isolated incident and then just applied that to all farmers.   Because clearly all farmers are stupid hicks who don't know how to tend to land.
 You're a great example of how effective that fucking dept of education is.
 Silly redditor libural!  Obama ain't Hitler!  He's the Muslim Communist Hitler Anti-Christ!  Y'all needs to watch ya sum Fox News!!!
 HAHA it's funny because he's black and black people steal things.
 Yeah stupid fucking kindergarteners its like their brains aren't fully developed or some shit
 No it looks stupid like a soap opera.
 what the fuck?! this isn't fucking mind-trap it's nu-liquid trap-step with some garage influences.
 None! Go to the ER and get it written off to the government like a good poor person after it gets bad.(up to 80%) Then set up a payment plan!  Its too bad that you couldn't have say a $10 co-pay sponsored by Medicare that you already pay into so you can get preventive screenings and thus save money in the long run! But fuck you! You're Poor!
 So you're saying Microsoft doesn't give a shit about customers!?!?!?! *GASP* NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
 Sounds like your roomate is sexually frustrated chump with no game hatin' on you due to being jealous.
 Seriously...those assholes!
 yeah no shit! a moderators job is to post content! not moderate the content! AND WE PAY THEM!!! how dare this fuck not make some goddamn shitty memes already!
 FUCK YOU JAY RANDOLPH IS A GOD.
 Fucking passengers taking photos and shit. What is this world coming to?
 DO YOU THINK THIS IS A MOTHERFUCKING GAME?  THIS GUY HAS CANNABIS GROWING IN A BUCKET OF TRASH PROPER WEED GROWING PROTOCOL MUST BE MAINTAINED.
 SHIT YEAH HERE'S MY MONEY
 Yeah fuck the civil rights movements gay rights movements huge strides in science and other fields and general higher standards of living.
 What a crock. Everyone knows that atheists have no morals.
 I think it's somewhat overkill that as soon blades come out of your mouth slaves will fuck you. It's like the cherry on top!
 LOL DOTA2 IS LITERALLY A COUNTERSTRIKE RIP OFF!
 All good? My previous post was supposed to be sarcastic you idiot. Fuck off and die.
 YOU ARE A RACIST !!!!!1
 They also got rid of that jail bait subreddit and ban people for doxing. Fucking internet Nazis right?
 It's a shame he's such a dumbass compared to Franklin I kinda wanted him dead in the mission [where you and that guy go shoot up some place and have to buy a shotgun with flashlight]
 PSSSH They don't make 2 dollar bills... That would be about as silly as a 1 dollar coin with a picture of a duck on it.
 its such bullshit i don't get my free rare! total bullshit!
 Wow you sick fuck.
 Fuck this guy amirite?
 Because fuck those damn greedy kikes they should just get over the holocaust.
 It is a game invented by Snookie from Jersey Shore who is a dumb bitch.
  That my bf really doesn't like it when I flash my tits to a room full of people  NO WAY he doesn't like it.
 I am glad you came out and said this seeing as everyone here wants to hear your opinion so damn bad.
 Fucking backwards southerners
 But don't you see the more I call you a faggot the less hurtful the word becomes for the real faggots? It's le logic!
 Yeah fuck the poor good for nothing lazy bastards
 You kick his ass for breaking your bed.
 Maokai is already OP as fuck we don't need to give him good skins on top of that.
 Yep Alan Turing was one stupid motherfucker.
 But speaking fake old timey British English sooo fuuun
 It's funny because she's black.
 I was with you until rugby. That sport is fucking brutal. Hey guy just join the fuckin' army and make some bros while you get your skull cracked open!
 OMG SRSSUCKS IS PROMOTING VIOLENCE AGAINST WIMMYN AND FEMICIDE! WHAT A BUNCH OF SHITLORDS!
 Yeah how dare they fucking laugh ?  And in public too.  What a bunch of scumbags.
 Shhh! They're trying to weasel fund money. Yes copper has the same effect and is cheaper but plasma man will rake in the dough. FUCKING PLASMA! The shit star's are made out of!
 Wow fucking up someone's car.  How mature and manly of you.
 It's easy to have low crime rates when you MAKE KILLING BABIES LEGAL!!!
 not really im on my 30 min break inbetween  9~ hours of work and 3 hours of class so i feel quite indifferent  e-- but i bet you felt quite fucking witty and snowflakey when you came up with your HILARIOUSLY unique and abrasive username! haha what a comedic dissonance it must be when you post something rational and people read your name  CuntWizard  hahaha!!!!!!
 Well you're obviously just homophobic.
 Duh. Everyone knows you get a 14 day trial period when entering a relationship. You're free to fuck anything and everything you want to make sure there is no buyer's remorse! Oh only she's allowed to that of course.
 Hah! Serves him right it's more like 7 - 8 degrees. Fucking idiot.
 I used to work as a shopping cart retrieval boy.  I lost my job because of assholes like you.
 We've got enough darkies that run like fuck at the sound of a gun
 LIES! They are ALL bitches at heart.
 God damn it Anet wanting me to actually have fun whilst playing a game. Wtf is this shit.
 Fucking airplanes and their slow ass Internet. What a rip off.
 Start smoking cigarettes and cigars your voice will get deeper and raspier.
 Especially if you're a nigger.
 Your DAE is bad and you should feel bad. Asshole.
 Wow you are so brave for your patriotism! Without you I might never have known that shits kinda fucked!
 They gonna sperm jack me!
 BOYFRIEND AND ME YOU STUPID FUCKER HOW THE FUCK COULD YOU POSSIBLY MAKE A MISTAKE WHAT ARE YOU HUMAN???
 Well about 5 hours or so - but yeah that's really fucking close to forever.
 Ew you like partying and drinking? You sound like a fucking douche. Kill yourself now.
 What the fuck?! Blue whales are big?
 i know right? stupid Goyim.
 This game's gonna suck it doesn't even have killstreaks hurr durr.
 Stop trying to defend the OPs blatant racism. I'm sick of all these fucking posts asking black people their opinions. What about white people where are the posts aimed at us. Reddit is turning into the fucking NAACP and I'm not racist I know black people and I enjoy fried chicken and watermelon just as much as them.
 Shut up and go back to where you're allowed heathen.
 I got called an asshole and a faggot one time. That was pretty cool.
 Oh fuck yes ANOTHER cod/minecraft channel sign me the fuck up
 but bush had GUANTANAMO!!! At least Obama only kills them with drone strikes.
 Yeah zero these memes are serious business.  Better not fuck up again or we'll send a mob after you.
 What hes trying to say is that they stole poro idea from runescape ducks. Because if you look closely they're both white.  FUCKING RIOT ALWAYS STEALING SHIT FROM OTHER GAMES.
 Yeah I'm definitely swimming in men. Sucks for you guys.
 Nothing pisses me off more than stupid medics bringing me back in the middle of a firefight.  Oh! You're revived! Oh... your dead. THANKS
 Oh-ho-ho! You said 'nigger'! You must be going to hell!
 How about FUCK THA POLICE?
 *damn socialists*
 Call me when you got 2 years under your belt newfag.
 If I don't get a pink hoverboard within the next 3 years I'm gonna call bullshit on back to the future.
 The solution to the problem of gun violence is more guns! Let's all fuck for chastity!
 What a shitty boss giving you beats and all.
 yeah lets bother the fuck out of famous people that will only make reddit better
 How can you you heartless beast?!?!?!11?!?!!?!!111!?  HE DID NOT SLEEP ALL NIGHT AFTER THE BLASTS DAMMIT!!!!!!!
 You are scum.
 Eli Manning in the same grouping as Tom Brady? DA FUCK?!
 wtf u cant have moderate opinions fuk u
 Those face's put Onizuka's faces to shame damn!
 Wow poor kid anyone should know fuck is a really dangerous word!
 Huh..You must be a rapist or a rape apologist
 Yeah but he doesn't see homosexuality as being on par with bestiality so he's clearly destroying the fabric of society.
 rape is hilarious!
 Right? Just because your husband endangers your family and kills a bunch of people is no reason to give him any shit. Back in the kitchen you stupid bitch!
 ...but they said fuck.
 Yeah he sounds like a bastard what with the not giving you a ticket and all.
 Fuck everyone else so long as i can shoot anyone who is a threat to me i am happy.
 Yeah fuck everyone else. Make everyone adjust to you don't put any effort in yourself.
 Yeah fuck them for not knowing something and learning It!
 You mean to tell me a giant US corporation has just fucked over the American tax payers? No. Fucking. Way.
 this guy is a fucking misogynist fuck this guy.
 Stfu noob. Clg did it so I can do it too. L2p
 you are one really original mother fucker.
 No shit
 Yeah man fuck you for not knowing everything.
 The Patriot Act fuck yeah!
 Dude world maps are hard.  You have to make decisions about where to go and what town to visit or revisit next.  Fuck that hallways always.
 you just had a mental rape! you animal!
 The fuck did you say?
 HAHAHAHA FUCK WHITE PEOPLE!
 Fuck you!
 No you are an Islamophobic racist.
 ...fucking poetry it's about unrequited love dying and shit.
 Heterosexual:  I want to fuck people of the opposite sex    Homosexual:  I want to fuck people of my own sex   Bisexual:  I want to fuck people of either sex   Pansexual:  I want to fuck *everything*
 Stupid atheist making a Christian quote.
 What?! Are you telling me we increase funding to schools and they don't use it wisely?! Never would've expected the government to fuck something like this up.
 A rapper that didn't sell heroin to kids?  What an asshole!
 Yeah fuck it let's just give up now
 NO.  FUCKING.  SHIT.
 isthataturtle was right. i have no idea what the fuck you're talking about because jizzy shore is on marathon baby.
 Fuck it let's just throw him in the ocean.
 Cool.  TIL sexual assault and rape are ok as long as you're drunk.
 **HAHA!!**  That pastor is stupid...duh...He believes in God no shit he's stupid!!!1!  Right Reddit??
 Time to let the poor die on the streets. I got my healthcare! Fuck you!
 Good idea... and we can stop admitting patients who drink like a fish to the hospital who smoke or do bungie jumping etc. All incredibly stupid people who don't deserve help.
 Man. I FUCKING HATE WHEN PEOPLE DO THEIR JOB.
 Yeah well I eat the fuck out of carrots and.I have to wear contacts  Fuck carrots
 OBVIOUSLY we should hate everyone who is different from us. I mean come on it's not like--wait are *you* different from me?  FUCKING DIE!
 STFU and hurry up with my Mini 9!
 *She's not an Atheist? What a stupid bitch cunt I hope she dies.*
 If Lot can fuck his daughters why can't I?
 Because you are a bunch of pussy who didn't burn any car yet !
 fucking retards.   Yes water borne diseases are so much better for us then chlorine.
 Fuck you!
 WELL OBVIOUSLY GUN CRIME WILL SKY ROCKET AND THE CITY WILL FURTHER FALL INTO THE SHIT HOLE.
 Lol! Stupid monks. They're so stupid.
 Yeah you know... because fucking with the mentally ill is so funny!  Hey you should try tripping up people on crutches too!  I once tipped over a guy in a wheelchair.  The idiot just lay there on his back like some fucking retarded tortoise!!  It was hilarious!!!
 b...but thats a generalization how DARE you stereotype any culture at all *ever*  you're horrible for even *considering* it
 Information wants to be free yo. Fuck anyone who stands in the way.
 FUCK /R/ATHEISM!!!! ITS SO HATEFUL TO CHRISTIANS!!!!!
 Do you drive there? If so fuck you for doing the most dangerous thing alive and wasting my tax dollars!
 Yeah everyone except that WhoIsChris guy. For real though who the fuck is Chris?! Shit pisses me off.
 Damn man! You're clearly way too into being entertained. Go sit in a quiet room and do nothing because that's much healthier.
 People who don't like what you like should be shot on the spot.
 Call him?  WTF!  Why didn't they just shoot him?
 1. Dont get married   2. Avoid friendships. Your friends all fucking hate you anyway  3. Accept that you are going to die alone you piece of shit.
 omg capitalism is dying there!!!!! those damn fascists!
 Fuck you treehugger.
 What a scumbag!
 I agree anyone with Young Jeezy should be locked up!
 fuck you it was all completely luck
 But only white people can be racist. And Islam is one of the most peaceful and tolerant religions in the world. You're just an ignorant bigot.
 I get it!  Because we're all obese and lazy!! Hahahahaaha that's so funny.
 As an American what the fuck is a gram?
 Because being called a faggot for believing something isn't just as hurtful as being called a faggot for being gay.
 Well what the fuck are you doing? You must please those that want you.
 But don't you know that sex with a woman is the purpose of life?!!  If you don't get that sweet sweet sex you might as well kill yourself.
 Damn straight! The bumper sticker I saw yesterday said  Jesus would slap the shit out of you  - this is far less violent than a dinosaur basically DEVOURING Jesus!
 you are now fucked my friend.
 But he's an artist not a bitch!
 IT S NOT TORTURE!!!  When will you all get this through your thick skulls?
 But its always your fault you want sex so much.
 You're black!?!?! You must be one of those horrible people who hate yourself for being black and you're also a secret racist. That's what SRS tells me anyway they call those people  Special snowflakes.  You're suddenly worse than Hitler and a traitor to your race.
 yeah cause super mario is shit
 Oh no! You countered my valid and logical argument by telling me to go fuck myself!  I am utterly defeated.
 Hey let's give them another fucking bailout.
 Yea! The only thing a man is good for is fucking. The only way to show her you mean business is to fuck fuck fuck!
 Wow. Wow. How about you and your scummy mates fuck off back to Ol' Blighty with your fish and chips and white bread you fucking convict.
 Why are you ruining my outlet for populist rage rtwpsom2. I WANT TO BE UPSET ABOUT THE BIG BAD EVIL CAPITALISTIC EMPLOYERS THAT EXPLOIT ME! EVEN THOUGH I HAVEN'T WORKED A DAY IN MY LIFE I'M JUST A COLLEGE STUDENT WHAT THE FUCK.
 Yeah fuck skinny people!
 Because he's black you racist.
 Or that she fucks niggers.
 First you're a hot guy he wants to chill with then you're a nigger.  Gotta love people who handle rejection well
 put them all in jail!! that child is a druggie that is ruining the fabric of society!!!!!!
 Wtf would you know about your body and how you feel?  Fucking layperson...
 Yh its clear that barca are the bigger and better team. We should learn our place and crawl back under our rock shrivell up and die whilst reminiscing of greatness leaving the future to those worthy.
 shut up kid you got it so nice with your instant anal porn collection and smartphones and internet. Typical baby boomer argument.
 because men are PIGS and disgusting!!!11 Your girlfriend or wife is all you should EVER need!!1
 Yeah fuck those pbkac guys! More like pbcock amirite?!
 Because you're so shy you missed her french boobs!
 lol u guise im al like a [10] stop bein so butthurt and let me fuck this guys shit up imma take him down.
 Who would have thought?  They're violent hostile backward as shit have no respect for anything non-Islamic while demanding utmost respect for their culture and religion go completely berserk whenever someone makes a joke about their goatfucker pedophile prophet  commit tons of crimes especially rapes of white women and possibly worst of all they breed like termites.  I can't believe people don't have a higher opinion of them.
 That is so fucked up I cannot even believe you had the balls to type that. Hope you get banned.  *Reported.*
 Yeah fuck the elderly and the crippled cause I got mine Jack!
 A question? On the internet? Well look at this idiot fuckwit. I'll show him *clicks downvote*
 But they're fuckin' gay!
 Fuck Morrowind that game was so stifling. You couldn't truly be your own character.   Real gamers only play Daggerfall.
 And driving may result in crashing and dying so unless you're okay with that you just shouldn't drive.
 It's not their job to educate you shitlord!
 OMG you cursed!
 Because being an asshole is fun right?
 yeah seeing an opportunity to make money and doing so fucking ridiculous
 Why don't you move the FUCK over and check your FUCKING privileged ciscum SHITlord!
 because this is just some random fuckup
 What you can't shoot someone for stealing your stuff? That's bullshit!
 no shit
 Fucking awesome title OP
 Oh fucking wow. I never noticed how similar did the Halo and Holo elements seemed similar
 Yeah fuck Westfield! Come live in Carmel where you can get molested by the basketball team!
 He must be a lazy Democrat!
 I was flying to Calgary a few years ago to see my brothers Air Canada wanted something like $900 round trip so I decided to go with westjet for $480. Fuck Air Canada!
 You sound like a shitload of fun in bed.
 Wait so now the kid was  hopped up on drugs or just messed up in the head  and he  picks a fight ?!?   Well shit. Why didn't you just say so! Of course he deserves a bullet to the chest. What was I thinking!?!?!!!!11
 Holy shit some crazed rebel ate the heart of a dead enemy? Fuck *all* the rebels then!
 Coldplay's Viva La Vida does the same. Fucking Pink Floyd had to go and copy them.
 Who said I liked those faggots. such faggots lol. how can they be such faggots xD.  Anyone who listens to their band is such a emo faggot lol. And cannot possibly listen to any other music.Only them and they have to look like emo faggots aswell. Fucking faggots.   I would go more in depth of their faggotory but I have to be FUCKING BROOTAL AND HXC dance and listen to some emmure and ghost inside.
 The boyfriend is a pussy for letting a girl beat him up.
 Yeah look at the super conservative spin they put on this video of a FUCKING FIRE.
 oh good. at least you're not being bitchy.
 OH MY GOD!!!!!! he scored a goal from a free kick. Fuck yea!!! Let's get him he can definitely take the team to the next level.
 It's probably because of all the morons on their whiny piece of shit crotch rockets doing burnouts and wheelies all the time.
 No way it was Martin Luther King Jr. walking around with his dick out and  fuck white people  painted on his chest that did so very much for the civil rights movement.   Without this kind of shock protesting we would still be owning slaves.
 You managed to fuck up like this 10 times?
 He did something to an Arsenal player? What a classless piece of shit!
 Yeah fucking nerds going to college and shit; don't they know that the real reason you go to college is to pay lots of money to party all of the time?
 let's get this fucker who took the kitty's leg then post it online  internet lynch mob assemble!!!
 And your health service - go fuck yourself.
 Holy shit you sound like such a deep artistic person. I can't believe YOU aren't famous.
 You're just a racist Islamophobe!
 But then how will people know how cool and hip he is without knowing what music he listens to? Dude this guy he really really needs to express himself. It's not enough to listen to his music with headphones on because then only he is listening to the music. What's the point in that? Music is meant to be shared especially with strangers. And if they wake up in the middle of the night or are interrupted from studying because of how loud his music is they should go and thank him for exposing them to new music. Music is a form of self-expression that can only be achieved by making sure everyone else knows what the fuck you're listening to and how hard your bass can go.  Back the fuck off man. Haters gonna hate.
 IT'S A RELIGION OF PEACE SHITLORDS!
 Hey now don't get all pissy just because you have to walk a little further to the barracks.   Drink water change your socks and man the fuck up *Marine.*
  Completly random   -let your teammate die aware this was happening told him to fuck off and your going to continue to farm and not help.    Yeah. I hate it when someone does something stupid. Then I counter it by doing something equally as stupid. Then I get kicked for no reason at all!! So random and the system is so broken because of it!! Don't you hate it when that happens?!?  I remember this one game. This brown called me bad once. So instead of AFKing in the well I decided to farm the jungle all day and not help at all. THEN THEY KICKED ME!! S2 really needs to fix that...
 No you don't understand. If you don't want to see a behind the balls angle or see a dude's face as he finishes you're homophobic.
 Awesome.  I will store my picks in this thing because I always lose my picks but of course will never lose this fucking thing.
 Yup. Using sex as a tool
 There's some fucked up glamour fetish where chicks like to step on puppies and kittens in stilettos. Yeah that shit always gets my crank going.
 Yeah it is a silly trend. Why aren't we talking more about women? I mean hell we already have women's studies an entire ideology focused on women (feminism) women-only laws etc.  Fuck men. They are only good for their usefulness to society. Who the fuck cares about men.
 It's anti-armour not anti-personell! You get 75% reduced damage lol n00b got bcl to CoD like a little fish can't handle real games
 Why isn't this meme dead?  Because fuck you that's why.
 This is bullshit! Macs don't get viruses!!!!!
 Those job killing assholes are at it again.
 Is that the same  grumpy cat ? Herp a derp I'm a bit stupid so I can't tell whether it's the same fucking cat with the same fucking name or actually a bunch of different cats. And I know for a fact that a bunch of fellow redditards are like me &amp; are still unsure.
 SHUT UP FAGGIT!!!111
 A guy knows how to draw and use text?   MY GOD  BLIZZARD HIRE THIS MAN HOLY MOTHER FUCKER IN CHRIST.
 FAGGOT.
 Adam and Eve! Take your nudist propaganda with you!
 Yep let's talk about Dick Cheney also - George Bush.  Fuck them.  Obama is great.
 haha you guys have to deal with shitty salesmen instead! suckers!
 Yeah fuck every DJ ever.
 Seriously why can't you fucking stoners just enjoy coke and liquor like the rest of us?  Fucking losers.
 So the guy you're dating called you up to go out at an hour you found unacceptable and now you're willing to cast him aside? Or is it that he demonstrated he's sexually attracted to you at a point earlier than you would have liked?  I realize there's a whole female dating culture within which a huge list of excuses has been assembled for disqualifying a man but really... where do you ladies get this stuff?!  He likes you. He called you. He may in fact *(gasp!)* want to have sex with you. Clearly this all adds up to him being an unsuitable partner.
 Fuck. I'm not going to give up. Nope. I refuse.  Fuck it I'm going to go play some D3!
 Its not cedric its rashad miller jeez cant tell black people apart! Racist!!!
 Oh right I forgot. Once you've seen a penis you're magically bound to penises forever. That's why all bi men are secretly gay and all bi women are secretly straight.
 Ya fuck that kid for doing the right thing.
 no naniwa is bm worse than any other player ever. he will never get my respect and i will never be his fan. fuck him and everyone who thinks mc or idra bm'ing is comparable to this swedish prick with no respect for anyone.
 nah gee stop bein gay n shi. juz puff a blunt n be real manigg or iz u a bitch?
 Yeah!  Defending yourself with evidence is STUPID DUMMYHEAD!!!
 LOSE SOME WEIGHT FATASS!  I'm referring to the husband. Only a fat fucker would tolerate a moocow like that. :O
 Fuck the Jews. Take that JDL.
 I bet that guy has a big dick.
 Too late he has spoken on behalf of the packers fan base. You guys are idiots
 Naw man fuck these guys giving away money if I'm going to get money I'm going to get a lot of it!
 I know right? It's *your* healthcare pay for it *yourself*. If you can't afford it then *too fucking bad*.  *Get a better job*.
 What? But *everyone* knows that fucking even consensual and within marriage is nothing but a show of male power! No woman would EVER want to do that voluntarily!
 Gamers never spend any time on Windows fucking with their drivers.
 Hilarious and not even a little bit rapey
 Dude! Being fat is genetic you can prove it by observing all the fat people who drink diet soda.  You can't help being a fatty!!
 But.. but.. GERMANS ARE NAZIS!   LIES! LIES!
 Wonderbook. Oh My Fucking God. So pumped
 Yeah! Fuck poor black kids who want to break the cycle!
 *She* broke up with *you*.  You are supposed to still have feeling for her and act like you care.  Now you have let her down.  Shame on you.  Men are such assholes.
 Fuck you. AMD master race.
 Because fuck you that's why.
 Yeah because becoming a transsexual is going to greatly increase your dating pool.
 You're such a fucking tool. You want to work for what you're actually worth? Typical no-nothing American.
 No you're* gay!
 NO I DON'T EVER FEEL THAT FUCKING WAY YOU FUCKTARD !!!1!1!
 Yeah! Fuck people who wanna make money from their own content!
 Blah blah blah your mustache sucks... ummmm blah blah america sucks... yadda yadda yadda down with imperialists something like that
 Whoa didn't you know that women never falsely accuse men of rape! Stop being such a misogynist! Misandry don't real!!!
 Yeah but according to big business it's good for us and the competition they create with each other (all 3.5 of them Sprint and T-Mobile are really only .25 each) without all that backroom dealing to keep prices high makes America a great capitalist country!  America Fuck Yeah!!!!
 So you don't show nudes huh?  Blocked.
 Filthy fucking liberal!
 But how do I make you feel sexy if I can't talk about your boobs?   Clearly bitches be crazy.
 Fuck you! How dare you disagree!
 Fuck you and your girlfriends dog
 stfu u racist!!!!!!!!!
 what if your owner just has a REALLY big couch? now wouldn't you feel stupid?
 Don't be silly everybody knows Bisexuals don't exist they are either straight girls after a guy's attention or a gay guys in denial.
 You thief! I knew atheists had no morals!
 Goddamn you just don't fucking understand do you?  12.31+6 is so fucking hard shit man. I've dropped out of school I don't need EDUMACTION in me GAEMS.
 All of you are conspiratards
 You like Full Metal Alchemist?! Obviously Brotherhood is better. What are you literally Hitler?
 If you aren't a programmer with a community college education fuck you!
 so more Fast 'n' Furious.....  fucking great.
 It is clear. She got raped
 Women buy lots of shoes. It turns them into a screeching hormonal gold digging harpy sluts.
 SHUT UP PRIVATE SHMUCKATELLI! NO ONE ASKED YOU!
 **NO YOU MUST BLAME THEM FOR ALL YOUR OWN FAILURES IT IS THE WAY OF LOL**
 By that logic you should just kill yourself and do us all a favor.
 No no no you got it all wrong. Work hard hard hard hard and harder still! Your employers need to get much more than what they pay you to stay profitable. If you don't makee enough money to make rent between your 4 minimum wage jobs just get 4 extra jobs or sign up for food stamps you lazy low class plebean. Sleep is for the weak!
 You fucking commie!
 Hahaha what a funny story! Man! Mo was such a prankster. :D He should join Kenny in Kenny vs Spenny and they should both get together...and sell Spenny as a slave!  HOW FUCKING HILARIOUS WOULD THAT BE!?
 Someone died that's fucking sad you heartless bastard!
 FUCK YEAH!
 I'm not obese it's Cushings Syndrome you asshole!
 Well I hate food and this makes me rather bitter and disenfranchised.  Fuck fruit.  Honestly.
 Mexico over the rest of the world fuck yeah!
 Yeah.  Because fuck Hyrule!  Link didn't want to... you know go back in time and prevent Ganondorf from ruining the world or anything like that.  He wanted a cool sword and a magical instrument.  That's what the game was really about!
 Hey asshole! Stop making rational judgements! Scram!
 No because those whores can stop fucking at any time.
 I'm sure this will get people to shut the fuck up about DE Random Number Generator conspiracies.
 Are you stupid? It comes from the supermarket DUH!
 OMG they are just like us!  DAMN.
 Dyslexic you abelist fuck.
 Don't be silly if you don't have medical care it is your own fault and it is your duty to die asap.
 No one owns a word. A great example is that damn interview between Samuel L Jackson and some white guy in which Samuel directly asks the white guy to say 'nigger'. The white guy declines over and over again and you can see the fear in his eyes. This is some Harry Potter 'Voldermort' shit. No one owns a word the only person stopping that white guy from saying nigger is that white guy and it's fucking idiotic.  If you happen to be a homosexual or other person who has suffered at the hands of bigots slinging the word faggot at you probably alongside physical blows I'm sorry but that doesn't mean you own the word. If you aren't the above person then you have no right to be speaking for those people.  In short the word is EVERYONE'S TO DEFINE. As are all words. No one person cannot change the definition of a word. But it is ignorant to suggest that a group of people can't. It happens all the time. An easy example is drug slang. What did weed mean before drug slang? What did hashish mean? Hell that's not even a fucking English word. It's Arabic and it just means grass but we've adopted it and changed its meaning.  You can demand all you like that this is a black and white issue but you'd be wrong. Words are words their meanings are malleable and changeable. And to suggest that any one person owns a word or any other aspect of the English language is absurd.  PS: By your logic please stop using any of the words created by William Shakespeare. You don't own them.
 Ewwww yucky women things! Girls are gross!
 I will fuck you if you rub that pussy in my face again.
 Or talk. And they eat creatures like pumba and timone. They also don't conspire with hyenas. Man I fucking HATE that movie.
 OH JUST ASSUME EVERYONE KNEW THIS ASSHOLE. FUCKING POT HEADS ON THEIR HIGH HORSES.
 Don't worry you can have both! Possibly also encourajed by parental figures! Isn't that just the fucking best?
 Damn Sand-Niggers.
 That shit was aimed at babies why do you still like that shit?
 Gross.
 Atheists on reddit are all assholes amirite!!
 Dox her and you're dead meat!
 So *you* spent too much money on a game *you* couldn't afford while steam is having daily deals and they wouldn't give you a refund?  What a sorry bunch of assholes Valve are.
 Damn you and your facts!
 Don't call my bullshit
 Yeah fuck democracy and those stupid voters
 Shutup clearly the cause of all the worlds problems are you working class losers.
 Bet she was dressed like a slut
 Fuckin' police state. It's a shame armed guards remove our freedom to walk into any gun free zone and do as much harm as we want.
 thats right my gay nigger bitch..9gag is teh wurst.
 Oh...he's an  I can fuck for hours  guy. Cause you know women love a good chaffing.
 Yup and a lisp.  I had a good amount of speech therapy as a kid so neither one is particularly bad.  The stutter is usually just an occasional repeated syllable here and there.  I don't often get stuck for long.  However if I'm in an uncomfortable situation-like around new people or public speaking-it gets much worse.  It never gets to the point of  The King's Speech  or anything but nothing frustrates me more than having strangers tell me to  slow down .    Fuck!  I never thought of that!  You have cured my speech impediment thank you!
 Hey buddy howabout you go fuck yourself?
 Fucking Arty imbalance
 You read books that have sold millions of copies. So unique. You go bro fuck the mainstream!
 You're fucking hilarious.
 He was probably trying to be cute. But you friendzoned him you bitch. He went to the trouble of being civil to you the least you could do is fuck him.
 Why is this getting downvoted?   How dare you say being a woman on the internet isn't that bad! NO you're sexualized and repressed goddamn it and you should be mad!
 Yeah fuck him for spending his free time playing video games and making videos. I'm just going to make this rash assumption that he is a no life even though I know nothing about his personal life.
 White supremacist!!!1!1!
 What a fuckin' surprise.
 DONT TELL ME TO ADAPT JUST NERF THIS OP SHIT!!!!
 Fuck yea racism!
 LOL IT'S FUNNY BECAUSE THAT'S ACTUALLY WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN IN THE FUTURE EVERYONE BUT US IS STUPID
 Let us make an infinity coin wealth will empower whomever holds it.   Other countries is stupid that they've never done it. I hope it has a big made in america sticker and it's fucking patented.
 dude wtf r u talking about it should only get posted once forever everyone knows looking at cute pictures of puppies more than once is fucking stupid
 god damn it I just hate this! All my girlfriend wants is sex sex sex! So annoying!
 Well that was a profound fucking statement.
 Shenanigans...there are no black people on that show.
 Remember you're an asshole if you ever excel at anything publicly.
 Fuck logic if someone corrects you the only proper response is rage and/or slurs.
 Fuckin occupiers. Nothing but dirty trouble making hippies. Look at them making that mess for those poor public workers to clean up. This is disgusting. I hope they get locked away for that.
 *Fuck you... Downvotes*  -Reddit
 Yeah but you are rich which means you're a dick.
 Yes it is you RACIST!!
 But... But... fat people are gross
 No offense but fuck you. No offense.
 Yeah fuck convenience.
 IT'S JUST A NEG BRAH DO YOU EVEN PUA? FUCKING AFC
 Fuck you for expressing an honest opinion ***GTA MUST NOT BE CRITICISED.***
 Fuck you Hindutva-wadi!
 Don't you dare say anything against Israel you fucking anti-semite
 lolz but Feaster sucks amirite?
 WHAT?  how do you know it's not 2 guys?! freaking sexest. you hate gays.
 Yeah because fuck it if I think homosexuals shouldn't be allowed to get married or condoms are way worse that HIV or that I think acid face wash is the appropriate punishment for apostasy. Respect my beliefs.  Beliefs are sacred. Fuck people.
 I disagree with this pro-LeBron shit! fuck you sirs and downvotes to both!
 This makes it a hate crime! DAMN THAT CABBIE WHO WAS PROBABLY WHITE!
 They should have just manned the fuck up!
 FUCK! SIX SECONDS OF MY LIFE GONE SO THAT SOMEONE WHO ISN'T ME DIDN'T HAVE TO SUFFER. GOD DAMN LAZY FUCKS DON'T YOU SEE I NEEDED THAT TENTH OF A MINUTE!!!
 Your kd just sucked!
 But obviously if you show a kid how to hold a gun he will shoot up his entire school that next day right?
 Because fuck the rich
 So  your a fucking black cunt you black cunt!  = 8 games   And   You black cunt you knob head  = 4 games  Seems fair to me
 Like anyone is going to believe an anthropologist.  Obviously he is some left wing radical liberal pushing his homosexual agenda by digging a bunch of stupid facts and evidence.  Go to hell scientist!  No body wants to hear what you have to say!
 You are so fucking right! You know what we should do? Kill the police. All of them. Every single pig should just be shot and never replaced. Then *everything* will be so much better and we will *never* have *any* problems *ever* again! The cops will never ever be  on-site  ever again and they'll never have the opportunity to fuck things up for the rest of us.
 They took away Downton Abbey?!??!? Everyone hold the fuck up while I go cancel my subscription!!!
 ah louis CK the woman stereotyping guy with the skit about cinabons he nicknames  hot faggots    yeah sure nice guy. totally should listen to him on issues.
 Nice racism you got there.
 You are right. Fuck all animals we clearly dont need some of them.
 OMG NANIWA SUCKS FUCKING CHEESER!
 Jesus you sound like a real funtime in the sack.
 You can't bring perspective into an argument like this!! Scope?!...what are you stupid?
 WHAT????  Now I know how Giants fans felt when we signed Wilson!  DAMN YOU LILY!!!!
 Yay assholes.
 Yeah you got it. It's all the evil Republicans fault.
 Yeah but this guy has a fucking y chromosome.
 You're against profits! You're a communist rat! NOW WHERE THE FUCK IS MY SOCIAL SECURITY CHECK?!?!
 GTFO YOU CONSERVATARD NAZI SCUM!!!11!!!
 yeahh! shut up and let poor chinaman do his hard work you white nose scumbags!
 You mean you don't do exactly the same when you meet a straight female because they'd obviously just want to fuck you right?
 They'd answer you but they're all in prison for being violent criminals and sexual deviants.
 Ohhh you got the devil in you now. You'll be gay soon and NPH will be fucking goats if we let this shit stand
   No way Bob Marley is awful     Hahaha sound fucking logic
 You're a fucking moron eat shit and die. Of course you shouldn't take the latter comment literally -- I mean to express only the warmest of emotions.
 Fuck that! I shouldn't have to translate fuckin nothin!
 What the fuck...No Thumbnails!!
 Oh no you fucking don't!  If we don't get to pull out because the majority of us don't like it then neither can you!
 Yeah why bother staying around when this girl is obviously damaged goods! Who cares if she was really raped or not bitch be crazy!
 It is spelled  fucking !
 Fuck your math pragmatism economics.  Give me my free health care!
 I know texting while driving is dangerous (the way other people do it cuz i do it safely unlike everyone else) but what op did is SUCH A DICK MOVE I mean OMG what a fucking asshole!
 Broooooo I feel you. All these queermos lookin' at us like they wanna get with us like I understand I'm fuckin' cut and I know gay dude are gonna come on to me but not into it bro. I mean gay people are okay but not when they anywhere near me or when they get mentioned to me. It's just weird bro.  No homo.
 Clearly she has cushings you assholes!
 HOLY FUCKING SHIT HE TOUCHED HER IN A NON-SEXUAL WAY TO GET HER ATTENTION AND ASKED FOR CONTACT INFORMATION!!!!1111  COMPUTER SCIENTIST AUTISTIC SAWCSM RAPIST RAPIST RAPIST RAPIST RAPIST RAPIST RAPIST RAPIST !!!!1111
 Just the fucking way I like it.
 You crazy feminist you !!
 Lol. Hey guys look at this poster. He's hilarious. Instead of a play involving Couch he's elevated the discussion on r/nfl by inserting a silly image of Peyton Manning in a ski mask. Lawl you so crazy man. Oh my.
 No but we did cover sex with chickens and goats.
 Yes. I am a sick bastard. You are not.
 Pussy.
 Thank you for linking to a video with annoying LOUD AS FUCK music. I'm so glad I had my speakers on.
 Wikipedia doesn't know shit.
 Please tell me all about how Harper has 'stuck it to the gays'.
 Fuck all of you. Obliviously Management should get to keep all of the money!
 Damn you hafta keep it? That sucks!
 Yea god forbid the NRA break their shitty public image by having an articulate smart young black man with a law degree speaking sensibly on the topic of guns.  Seriously fuck that guy for promoting responsible gun ownership and sport shooting in a positive light.  What an asshole.
 You're right.  We should just fuck poor people right in the ass.
 OMG are you a racist? You are aren't you? You black hater.
 You mean your parents didn't give you a Rolex when you graduated from Junior High? Ugh!!!!
 Well if you're anti-government you're clearly a terrorist.
 Imprisoned for 18 fucking years for selling the product of a plant to willing customers? Fucking RIDICULOUS!  A) We have a free market B) Government is awesome C)
 Yeah bastard doctors always keeping people from dying of cancer. They make me fucking sick.
 Antisemitism!  Magnora is a holocaust denier!
 Ankit Fadia is gonna win this shit. You just watch.
 IT'S JUST A COINCIDENCE YOU STUPID ASSHOLES SHUT UP!
 WOW BECAUSE ALL WOMEN HAVE SEX RIGHT?  GOSH SUCH DUMB MALE PEOPLE FEMINISTS FTW LOL
 Ah man they printed the N7 backwards fucking knockoffs.
 You deserve all the negative karma for being such a fucking asshole about capris. Go fuck yourself pants are serious business.
 Stop that. Put your reading and your logic away you jack boot thug!
 And this is not in any way related to the SomethingAwful faggots making Reddit Admins their bitches.
 Alpha as fuck.
 Yeah lol Redditors are such hipsters. I'm from 4chan and we create *everything*. our site is so pure and unfiltered only badasses can go on it reddit is for pussies lol. OC FTW lolol!
 You talk like a fag 'n' shit!
 No there is not  -- fucker!
 How dare you post a fact in this sub! You are clearly an asshole.
 Yeah well I get angry when people expect me to use my blinker. Fuck you. You don't need to know where I'm going. Nosy ass people I swear.
 ...unless you're gay.
 GOOD MORNING EVERY ONE I JUST FUCKED MY DAUGHTER AND SMOKED SOME WEED
 Fuck you it's a promise kept!
 Yeah dude I know like 12 people who knew a guy who knew a guy who knew the guy. That glass of orange juice had a lot of fucking friends.
 Actually I wonder how much stylists might perpetuate the +4 myth because HEAVENS FORFEND we see a hint of back fat. Quadboob = sexy back fat = gross!
 He was harassing them!  This stupid police state!  HE INVADED THEIR RIGHTS AND WAS ILLEGALLY DETAINED THEM!!
 You're a racist!
 At will employment for the motherfucking win!
 You mean to say... you ***enjoyed*** the game? What the fuck is wrong with you? Idiots like you ruin the game for everyone!
 And dirty rapesex magazines and cigars and BEER!!
 Fuck it! Bring Chilly back!!
 YOU SICK BASTARD
 Shocker a random player that's a Dick. You neevveerrr see thhaatt or them cheesing you
 yeah fuck those guys for trying to sell the fights
 You mean you can get punished for jeopardizing assets even in government jobs? Well noooooo fucking shit dumbass. Thanks for that paragraph of insightful nonsense.
 Hey fuck you man I DARE you to name a more exciting ointment!
 Totally different situations. I don't want my president getting a blowjob while he spies on me. Totally uncool.
 But come on man it's just so fucking hard to move my finger a fraction of an inch to scroll past links I don't want to read!!
 Nah dude he's just bein a pussy
 lol go kill yourself.
 OH SHIT YOU PWNED HIS ASS!!!!!  :D :D :D :D
 Societal responsiblity? GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE YOU COMMUNIST!
 Folding pocketknife taped to an M67 fragmentation grenade.  Nobody fucks with the dude that pulls that out of his pocket.
 Yeah fuck common folk's property.
 But seriously fuck obamacare mirite?
 Peanal gland you idiot!
 I'm now going to tag you and all the rest of you bitches with RES and harass you occasionally for shits and giggles.
 Yes. He was also aware that when you are clearly getting your ass kicked at the half you should make absolutely no adjustments and everything will turn out just fine. Because Crean is our Supreme Leader who can do no wrong!
 You think it's funny because you're a damn dirty misogynist.
 Let us pray  Dear Ron our Lord and Savior  Kick the fucking shit out of these neocon bastards   Amen
 Where's your sense of humor? Rape is hilarious!
 fuck people that are more successful than me!
 Good thing you're not a real black guy! You're not black enough to lynch!
 Don't fuck up their dialog.
 I don't have an enormous penis. Dammit. Now more fucks are given.
 No fuck you that's too much ez logic.
 Yeah fucking jews coming here stealing all our moneyz!
 I thought the rule for lane C was to go whatever damn speed you want and when you see someone trying to get into the lane from an on-ramp you speed the fuck up so that asshole can't get ahead of you.
 Remember when fundies used a tragedy as an agenda to push their beliefs? They were so stupid.
 Being gay is okay but if you're a faggot then everyone hates you.
 Holy shit how many flaming trucks are there?
 Homophobia is fuckin hilarious
 Oh no! That young child saw the buttcheeks of his own mother! He must be scarred for life! He'll probably grow up to be a rapist! What's worse is she's hugging a man! What a disgusting display of animalistic lust! He's going to turn out to be a raping serial killer for sure!!!
 Back home because London is shit.
 So did you go for a bike ride with your dad? and if so [did he get pissed off when you told him about your sister on the boat with the porn producers?]
 fUCK OUR lives man
 So? There are hundreds of thousands of girls and women who have had a child out of wedlock. Hundreds of thousands of woman who chose not to get married and fuck guys just because they feel like it. I never said I didn't think she was a hypocrite. I get that she is saying one thing and her whole image conflicts with that. It's ironic.   The argument you are really making is about how she is hypocritical. I agree with that. And it is still wrong to call her a slut. And if I am the only person on reddit who is offended by this then maybe there is a little bit of a sexism problem with this site. Huh... Funny I have never heard that argument before
  No homo  because God forbid the very thought of me being a homosexual should enter your thoughts!
 Ooooh burn. You sure showed me. Score one for you big guy.
 NSA hacking innocent Chinese citizens and students? Fuck 'em! They're Chinese! They're our enemies.
 Who couldn't resist the fuck of their lives? I mean it might also be the LAST fuck of your life but hey YOLO right?
 *Idra can never get outplayed by a toss they are all trash to him.  He has never lost a fair ZvP because there is no such thing*
 Wow dude why would you ever say that. That's really racist and you're an asshole! Black people don't commit crime! They aren't responsible for anything! You're just ignorant!
 Either your a rich mother fucker or you stole them
 I actually bought the bumper sticker motherfucker. I donated to the campaign you didn't help for shit.
 YOU ARE SUCH A SHILL!!!
 I'm just going to kill the motherfucker!!!!!! ......... and fuck carrots.....
 This is ridiculous!  Surely a black kid holding an A graded paper? No?
 Oh no we suck again
 No man Hell doesn't exist! Fuck you! I can be perfectly euphoric in my fedora!
 Obviously Because his stupid bitch mother forgot to buy more batteries for his Nintendo at the store uggghhh gawd she'll never under stand!!!
 AARRGGH i just bought the damn toggle jacket full price online 2 days ago. i'm in canada so just re-buying it is not in the cards.   that's not annoying at all
 She knocked the poor guy right off his chair with a violent head butt. Gratuitous violence. Even boxing matches and no holds fights do NOT allow such head butts.   Hilarious and funny when perpetrated against a man
 You know it's YOUR fault that men are sexist assholes because you decide to form a team of women!  You caused sexism!!!!
 Damn immigrants takin' up all the space!
 Don't get raped in a country that doesn't execute you for having asked for it.  Also don't get raped in a country that doesn't allow abortions.  Also don't have kids when you can afford to and then have something which fucks all that up.  Earth is such a great place I'm glad I came to visit.
 Of course! If a grown man had sex with a 5 year old girl but she was  ok  with it it should be perfectly legal!
 DOWNVOTE THIS REASONABLE MOTHERFUCKER
 Wow I bet your friend isn't going to fucking regret this.
 Damn guess my semi-LDR is pointless - my SO's been fucking douches every other day cause that's how good SO's act the moment you take your eyes off them
 A kiddie fucker on a kiddie show.  How appropriate.
 Worst comes to worst she's sleeping with another guy. The easy solution to this is go out to a bar and fuck 2 girls. This way you let her see how it feels to be cheated on but you also sleep with 1 extra person to show that not only did she cheat on you but that in order to make it even you need to cheat twice.   This is literally the only way to go every other piece of advice is shit.
 Whoa whoa feminism has *always* been the black and white.  You're introducing dangerous shades of grey here with your logic and reason and causality and bullshit.
 I'm in the middle of the state and love Chicago but man your politicians fuck us hard downstate.  Yes I'm blaming all of the state's problems on Chicago.
 Entitled fucking poor people
 Damn Lexus vehicles and their unintended acceleration!
 They're already suckling at the welfare teet by attending public schools. Damned leeches.
 Because fuck you that's why.  No serious answer - you aren't fabulously wealthy and powerful and able to convince your buddies in the government to give you free money that you can then use to pay for their campaigns.  Get rich dumbass - everything's cheaper that way.
 yea slaughter those civilians FUCK YEA!!
 Dammit you *know* they hate Krugman. He's such a lecherous liberal who hates success. Hard to blame them for it.
 Ahhhhh! A big fish?  WTF? Why would you show that? That's seriously fucked up! BRB bleaching my eyeballs.
 FUCK!!! SPOILER ALERT DUDE WHY MUST YOU RUIN THE MOVIE FOR US ALREADY.
 Yeah fuck Ponyo wtf is up with *that* remake!? FUCK EVERYTHING ABOUT THAT REMAKE SHIT!
 Fuck you I live in America we don't need no rape juice to make this shit pleasurable!
 Not my job to educate you shitlord!
 What's the first thing his  Most holy person  did after getting the COMMAND of  Don't murder ...     If you answered killed 2000 motherfuckers you would be correct. Not hypocritical at all.
 Because hot chicks don't see your badass masculine visage in a full face helmet.
 See you're forgetting that because someone made it then everyone else that cannot is obviously an idiot loser that is just fucking up and deserves being fucked.  Shouldn't my own experience dictate what everyone else's should be?
 He 's using a beer can as a shower head?! What. The. Fuck.
 I have sympathy for this girl. This is utter bullshit. Who *cares* about taking a picture in a classroom setting that you're paying to be in??   We should call their office a bajillion times and tell them how stupid we think this is!
 Sounds silly and nonsexual.
 Yea?  And when was this?  When she was a baby?  O yea that's right nothing ever fucking changes here.
 BUT DUDE! PANDAS?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME? FUCK ALL THE OTHER FEATURES THEY ARE ADDING! THIS ONE DETAIL THAT ACTUALLY ISNT AS BAD AS I AM MAKING IT OUT TO BE IS TOTALLY INFURIATING! I AM UNSUBBING!
 Yea! Fuck those people that want to be healthier. This is *my* gym!
 Guys other companies are evil and because of that you are all stupid for boycotting BP. If anything they should be commended for showing the system is broken! BP ISN'T EVIL YOU ARE ALL SHEEPLE FOR THINKING IT THOUGH!!!!
 I'm just trying to imagine the scenario here. You've been beaten and mugged you're lying in a hospital bed recovering from say a stab wound or a concussion. You're bruised in pain and exhausted. You're worried about that mugger who got away with your credit cards your driver's license and other identifying information and damn it he also got your cell phone! You can't even call your mom to tell her what happened!   And then your friend Jill walks in. She sees you lying there pale and mottled with bruises a split lip big bandage on your head and she says...   TheWanderingJew why the fuck did you walk down that back street? Didn't you know the streetlights there don't work? Haven't you heard that there've been some muggings in the area?     Jill  you say  My car stalled and I had to walk down the street to get a cell phone signal.    And then she says  TheWanderingJew you're a fucking idiot and you deserve what happened. That mugger was just waiting for a moron like you to walk down the street.    Yep excellent friend that Jill. Very supportive. I hope you can stay with her during your recovery - I bet she'd really go out of her way to help you out.
 Yeah fuck shop owners for not wanting to break the law.
 Yes with this neat weight reduction mod your motor revs faster and surprisingly this piston is still 100% balanced and within tolerance levels. I have 5 in my car (left the last one stock as a reminder to hurry the fuck up the demons of Hell are not far away..)
 Whoopy fucking do.
 Yeah but at least Dana Plato didn't dress like a slut.
 Except in snow. Then I can drive however the fuck I want with no repercussions because I have a truck yo.
 Right feeling good about being yourself instead of subscribing to a gender role is totally bullshit.
 Oh so the drugs that YOU deem okay to be addicted to are... not bad? Fuck sorry I half expected you to be a rational human being. Quit promoting the nicotine junkie lifestyle you loser!!
 You're obviously speaking out your ass we all know it's dubstep
 Digg is Dead. Lets all have sex with the reddit alien? So is that going on....internet cockfest!
 Should have lined up the white drunk bitches and let him have his pick
 Hahaha she pronounced something differently than you do and that makes her stupid. That's hilarious.
 Damn cops. Today checking your gun serial number tomorrow funneling you into gas chambers. Your comparison is neither foolish nor insulting.
 But the fucking chinks we killed in Hiroshima deserved it! Yeah AMERICA!
 Sometimes it's almost like some of those religious people are a bit stupid.
 Booo there's no picture I don't give a shit.
 You want me to *read* an article before commenting? Fuck that and fuck you!
 Local laws don't matter when you're a pedophile you should know better shitlord.
 Because didn't you get the email?  Obama is a terrible evilscarybad muslimSocialistHitler who will destroy our freedoms and liberty!!!11  If the baby's sick or you're stuck in traffic or they're out of whipped cream at Starbucks or Reddit is making fun of fat guys it's probably Obama's fault.
 notice the peace signs up side down?!?!?! Fucking terrorist bitch!
 But Gillibrand is so damn cute! How could you vote against her?
 I'd also like to say fuck you for getting that in an hour before I read this.  I obviously need to spend less time at the bar and more at home looking for comments on Reddit to make goofy remarks on.
 Wait you're saying that 'you a stupid hoe you a you a stupid hoe' doesn't mean anything? This can't be true!
 Yeah but they seriously fucked up the Nexus 4 release. *unforgivable*
 Unless you have a monster truck.  In that case I'm sorry about your penis.
 Damn papists!
 So what happens if you kick your toilet a few times? You're making the whole world sick!
 That fucking link.  Thanks OP.
 Yeah all sex is rape.
 Because literally every christian is a dick!
 Bro Trent Richardson did this first! Fuckin' copycats!
 I know.  Taxpayers are nothing more than a source of ready cash.  Why give those stupid suckers anything back?
 RACIST!!!!!
 Fuck you you damn commie! I can have as many kids as I want! MURICA!
 YEAH ODD FUTURE GOLF WANG 666 FUCK STEVE HARVEY
 Fucking sexist!
 Unless you're straight then you're getting all that yucky female smegma all over your junk. Gross right? We should start cutting off little girls' labias to fix that.
 Doesn't matter. Fuck customers. It's CHEAPER and we are CAPiTALisTS MArKET STOCKHOLDERS BLAH BLAH BLAH.
 Bullshit.  We all know you damn cheeseheads are drunk 24/7.
 Fuck. Quick don't let the other services see this! Otherwise they'll be even more upset that they didn't pick the AF.
 I don't know man. It told my girlfriend to stick a pencil up my dickhole and I loved it!
 Because my music is better than yours FUCK YOU!
 I can't wait to live in a NAP-laden world where I can drunk drive to pick up my CP while harassing public servants in my fedora.
 OBJECTIVE OBJECTIVE OBJECTIVE! FUCK EVERYTHING ELSE! I DON T CARE IF YOU FIND GETTING NICE STATS IS YOUR FORM OF FUN!!! ONLY MY WAY OF HAVING FUN IS THE RIGHT WAY
 Gotta check your right-handed privilege shitlords!
 ya but you lived in st. thomas so fuck you
 Because its MY MONEY. YOU CAN'T HAVE ANY YOU LAZY FUCKS.
 Being gay makes you a scumbag. Duh.
 yeah fuck freedom of speech!  I'm so tired of fucking people hiding behind the bill of rights.  We should just abolish it we would be so much better off.
 Yes. Fuck you.
 Wait are you trying to say that there might be other factors to gun violence?  Fucking $NRA apologist!!!
 Yeah fuck America!
 Oh I call bullshit on the article that is clearly not a tank it is a BRDM!  Damn you Zionist Pigs for bad-mouthing the peaceful people of Assad's S&amp;M Kingdom!
 Stupid lazy ass 47%.
 An Activision FPS that looks like utter fucking shit and appears to be stuck 15 years in the past on an outdated engine?   Say it ain't so!
 But men. Fuck those guys right?
 9/11 happened because we didn't have shit like that yeah fuck them Republicans.
 Shut up fool he knows his shit he drove through a bad neighborhood once he's seen how fucked up life can be you just don't go back to normal after those experiences.
 I know right it's so fucking realistic!
 Don't break the USA hate circle! America sucks duh!
 WHOA YOU MEAN REDDIT = READ IT? NO FUCKING WAY
 Fucking plot holes man.
 But c'mon...he's such a  nice guy ....  You just don't understand.  She's such a bitch.  Why do girls always date jerks?
 Yeah STUPID babyish cel shading and SHIT storyline.
 Well all drug dealers are humans and Dr. Hill appears to be a human. I don't see the problem here. Oh is it because he's black? What are you a racist?
 Psh...washing is so beta.  Fuck you white knight.
 As I hate Community I offend all of fucking Reddit.
 Fuck off you twat. OH NO RE-POSTS! OBVIOUSLY EVERYONE HAS SEEN IT.
 Who the fuck is Jordan Cameron.
 but thats communism! and look how fuckin poor people are in norway.
 Oh yeah a dick pick.  That absolutely has to work.  I mean let's face it the one thing every woman absolutely wants more than anything else is a dick pic.  She's just waiting for one so she can be overwhelmed by a picture of a dick and just have to have it.  Yes do that.  Report back on your outstanding success.
 But anal literally creates AIDS!
 shut it faggot.
 Anarchism. Fuck yeah!
 Yeah! Be nice to the rapist!
 Fuck that. He is a high powered athlete. Obviously he just did it and paid everyone off. Fuck athletes. They are useless anyway. We should pay scientists like athletes!
 Because Obama is black an they don't like niggers specially those in da WHITE house.
 It's funny coz bitches suck amirite?
 But he's a Republican so obviously he's batshit crazy and not just a calculated killer!
 You are belittling their struggle. You monster!
 yeah right messi's the best fuck all the other teams and players. every banner should be a messi banner
 Pick the one you like best and own it. You'll be known as that fun person who says X in what I believe to be a good way. If you don't want that then go fuck yourself.
 But she was black.
 You think it's hard being a black homosexual? Well try being a black homosexual in nazi germany!
 You guys don't have a Keurig? *scoff* Barabarians.
 Because she's a human being not cargo you fat-shaming shitlord!
 My attempts to be funny are just not working out very well today... Fuck.
 *Tell your nephew to learn his fucking Star Wars characters. I'm not looking for the name of Naga Sadow an explanation of how Boba Fett survived the Sarlacc Pit or what look can 'bulls eye womp rats off the back of'. It's fucking Yoda and Wickett. Get that kid educated so he survives in the **REAL WORLD***
 Ah I see. It is firangi bandars like you who are destroying Indian kulcha. In awar cuntree children born out wedlock are called bastards and neighbours point and talk. And you talking about cohabitation? Heh watching How I Met Your Mother too much? It has rotten your brian.
 Yeah fuck all those pedestrians and other drivers! My broke ass whip had better be in my driveway when I wake up from my besotted blackout!
 Hey everyone look at the big scary black guy.. it's funny!
 but girls can do no wrong ever! he was just an asshole! you go girl!
 Well Fuck you Canada. No body Asked You!!! Fucking Canadians always doing the right thing and shit.
 omg a mac user burn him!
 Damn you and your facts! I want freebies because i brought it first when nothing was out. So nintendo owes me money!
 You and your friggin' conspiracy theories... ohh. What? Not conspiracy? Damn you and your braggin' about being right all the time. Hippies.
 Obviously you need to tell them you ride cock for fun.
 Yea cis hetero scum!
 Goddamn fags stealing my identity. Does that make *me* gay? Oh shit. Oh fuck. What am I gonna do?
 omg fucking sexist bastaed
 Not fucking anyone 14 or older is a 20th century invention. I guess the billions who lived before you including your family tree... are all just sick fucks. You I and everyone else are a product of sick fuckery
  Fuck the police
 Shut up cis scum do die in hall fagget misogynist!
 Well thank god at least no one was actually raped you sick fuck!
 Don't be stupid you can't be sexist against men!
 Oh noes! You only got 82 bucks instead of your 100 for a 70 dollar box with 1 card! Sucks you couldn't make your money back or anything.
 Well aren't you a cuss.
 No. Reagan invented AIDS and crack to get rid of gays and blacks duh.
 YEAH WHAT AN ASSHOLE CHARLIE SHEEN IS!!
 This is *sooo* brilliant. Mugged in an alleyway? Just pay a lump sum and the police will investigate! House on fire? For only a small fee of 39.99$ a month the fire department will put it out! Worried about your neighbors fire spreading to your house? You shouldn't just assume they subscribe! Want public transportation so that you can afford a commute to your low paying job? Pay out the ass and it is *yours* traffic congestion and accessibility be damned! Who cares if some company owns your entire city it is a free country! If the poor can't afford to get to work they don't *deserve* a job!      I want to live in that world!
 I'm gonna trace your internets and get my boys to roll up on your eye pee. Ugh.
 Are you fucking kidding? Leave. Get out now.
 Yeah fuck them!
 Your such an evil man! How dare you pity them its people like you that is destroying our world!
 To be fair It's really fucking annoyng when you're trying to get to work on time and all the gay parades are causng a huge fucking traffic jam.
 *You sick bastard!*
 You're saying you can  cure  homosexuality?  Skip to step 5 my friend.
 But but but the only reason you'd be bisexual is to try and get men or because you're indecisive or because you're such a slut you have no standards at all.
 Hah! What a faggot.
 Yeah! Fuck developers! Why should they get any money for their work?
 No fuck you I'm so offended your opinion differs I will NEVER get over it. ever.
 fuck you and shatap
 SHUT THE FUCK UP MY THOUGHTS ARE PERFECT
 no! shut up you communist!
 You are a piss poor excuse for a fan of your team pal.
 because FUCK YOUR COMMUNIST!  That's why.
 Yeah it sucks when you can't censor the stupid people.
 YEAH!  FUCK EMPATHY!
 You just suck newfag lelelelele
 Well fuck that I hate you for being nice and liking multiples teams!
 This is the part where they tell you it wasn't their fault and now with a felony they can never get a good job save up and leave. It's *your* fault you filthy asshole.
 Yeah that guy is literally a pig.
 they want you to stop being lazy and scan faster dammit!
 Maybe you should watch where the fuck you're going
 Host a torrent site in the US that's a fucking great idea.
 Wait you don't want a dick that big for the first time? Or a dick pic!?  For shame.
 I hope there's lots of shotty colabs on it! That would be fuckin great!
 But my kid could do that. Not that he actually did or anything. But it still sucks.
 No no no you don't understand. Women they all act in a certain way mostly matching up with my idea of women which in turn is generated by sitcoms. In sitcoms women always come to the man with the problem and then the man fucks up trying to fix it. ERGO women only want sympathy and will rage out and kill you if you try to fix their problems - mostly because they're incapable of understanding your rationality because they're women.
 POLICE!! PUT YOU FUCKING HANDS UP!!
 This won't work? Fuck your rules
 Fuck your cracka-assed civil discourse thug shit homie.
 They're only overrated until I walk up to you in a crowded grocery store and ask you if I can fondle them. Apparently doing that makes ME weird and creepy and is just harassing you in a sexualized way.  I just want to put hands on them though. I don't understand why this is such a problem. WHY WONT YOU LET ME DO THAT?! AAAAAGH!!
 If you weren't born poor into a poor community you wouldn't be here now would you you damn poor people are selfish.  I need my damn payroll bonus for keeping hours under stop thinking about yourself and your damn rent I have a house and a vacation to pay for.
 Obv these woman can't take care of themselves can't have no floosy's going around fucking anybody god imagine all the rapists!
 Wow that omnibus crime bill sure worked fast. This will surely shut up all the left wing liberal cry babies.
 You just used a straw man argument again! Haha this is too funny.  You should go ahead and look that up before you comment again.  Keep calling people a dipshit- it's totally classy and doesn't make it obvious you're a teenager.
 You damn liberal jew atheist gay nigger handout loving welfare kings and your entitlement!
 Cause clearly the pros are right saying he sucks dick thats why they are pros and he isn't.
 At that point you turn your fucking car around and smash him head on. Then you drag his bloody and disfigured body out of the car and beat him till hes just a stain on the highway.
 You should buy a new phone every time there is a device that has better hardware or software specs than the device you currently have.  No one wants to be stuck using a smartphone that's more than a month old that just fucking pathetic.
 Ya what kind of fucking character actually goes to a psychiatrist???
 -_-  Do you understand the purpose of an ADC in a team fight?  To deal as much consistent damage as possible to anyone they can hit. If Kennen charges in to aoe stun the enemy team he's going to die or at least not be auto attacking. Annie has 50 range over most ADCs!? Holy shit that'll totally make up for the total lack of any AD steroid or AD abilities at all!
 So it doesn't matter then. Same goes for people in Fallujah too. Let's just spread radioactive crap all over other nations. Fuck 'em.
 Yup. Because you need a bill to be passed in congress before you get off your ass and apply yourself.
 She's just asking to get raped!
 Well then i guess i dont want to open my vagina to some guys skank-stick whose been who knows where. Because the amount of sex you get with will define you regardless of personality reasons etc  HEAVEN forbid women enjoying sex!
 BUT ***LE*** RAGE FACES MAKE EVERYTHING FUNNIER!!!!!!!
 I fucking love reposts.
 Welcome to the club for people who will die alone.  It sucks and I hate everything.   Fuck you.
 Maybe you wouldn't get kicked if you weren't such a noob.
 Fuck you and everything you stand for
 You gotta give it to him... he's got some big balls
 But I thought being a pansexual was when you only have sex with pans!
 Its a marijuana stick.
 12 hours of training!?! You Brits must suck at riding! All we Americans need is 10 minutes of training while driving around cones in a parking lot. Only losers take a motorcycle safety course here.
 Well you fucked up son
 Yeah fuck the drummer; we can replace him!
 OMG! Why didn't you do it for all mankind!! Asshole.
 Nope it is sexism against women.  See boys are being told they can enjoy sex while girls are being told that they must remain pure for their future husbands.
 Penises cause rape just like   guns cause shooting and   spoons cause fatness.
 This is a stupid idea. Without the war on drugs how else are we going to lock up the poor and dark people? Jeez.
 But Safari sucks man. Your argument is invalid.
 No fucking way
 Can't you read shitlord?  A man can say anything including calling his ex a  crazy bitch . A woman has no control what she or anybody else says about her ex because patriarchy.
 Yeah testicular cancer is fucking hilarious.
 Why are you mad? They gave us all a whole 45 minutes to get our shit out!
 You fuck him and he'll fuck you back hard as fuck. Sounds like a fair enough deal.
 Of course. That's always what's wrong when a Democrat is a fuckup.
 But we're pretty good at being a bunch fat fucks. You have to give us that!
 Fucking hippy.
 This must be to treat the depression you get after video games cause you to shoot up a school.
 Are you happy now? You've confused and enraged all these poor infantiles with your faux compassion. You sick fuck. Master trolls like you shouldn't be allowed near a computer.
 Sex as a weapon is totally cool!
 No no no that's crazy.  Let's just let all the degenerate fuckers in.
 IF YOU'D SHUT THE FUCK UP I CAN READ MY LIST! PATRIARCHY PATRIARCHY DID I MENTION PATRIARCHY ALREADY?
 Typical guy. We can't just have a picture of the crayon he has to be in it himself. Next time just take a picture of the crayon you camera whore
 Shut up nerd.
 Call?  What is this the fucking stone age?  We text bro.
 Yeah no more co-eds sucking his toes in the bathroom
 Damn straight! I mean what the fuck are they all doing having fun splashing around in the water and taking pics when there are fires to fight crocodiles to wrestle and dingos to watch out for. They eat babies you know. The jellyfish sea snakes sharks and stingrays have a bad rep there as well not to mention the blue ringed octupi and stonefish they might be stepping on.  These people must be clueless getting in the water!!!
 He shouldn't have been fucking lying down on that part of the ice!
 Fuck this shit! We should all call him JoMo. He is the special one he is the king of all managers he is JoMo.    And if you use Jose or Mou I am sorry but you are a twat.
 As a douche that offends me.
 Didn't you know drunk people don't deserve justice only bicycles. DUH. GOD YOU ARE SUCH A RETARD SOMETIMES!
 Allowing me to carry around RPG's would be a damn good start. Who would fuck with a dude carrying that shit around?
 People like you are the ones who give the dr. who fandom a horrible name.
 id have to vomit while sobbing uncontrollably. that entire quest line was one of the stupidest fucking things in the entire game. i mean seriously its the fucking post-apocalypse and you have an underground railroad... for mother fucking robots? priorities anyone?  and thankfully you can do that quest pretty early and get the best gun in the vanilla game. that doesnt unbalance anything or make the game boring at all.
 My good friend told our mutual friends that I fuck cats for whatever reason. It kinda stuck for a few months. It was awesome when I'd be talking to a girl and one of the dudes would come up and go  HEY BUDDY HOW'S YOUR CATS ASSHOLE? STRETCH IT GOOD? ALRIGHT!!!
 What? Dresses? HOLY SHIT HOW DARE YOU!? Next thing you know she'll be wanting to use a vacuum and cook dinner! 0_0 !
 No you're just an asshole. Accept and embrace it.
 He's just a cannibal OP he meant nothing sexual by it!
 Yep - which is why Jews don't raise their kids in the Jewish religion! They don't push it on anyone not even their kids!
 But then I cant look like a retard and take pictures with my big ass tablet.
 Yeah people speaking a language other than English is so fucking annoying.
 Fucking kids how DARE they show real human emotion!
 haha I get it because Bush is stupid.
 Yeah! Fuck charity! Douchebags 4evr!!
 Oh you're so deliciously cynical!
 Clearly you are a scum bag who can't even watch the full episode of an amazing show!  Try harder next week...bitch magnets yo etc etc.
 Yeah it is clearly demuslims fault idra sucks
 AMERICA! FUCK YEA!
 GOD ISN'T REAL U STUPID FUNDIE!!!
 Yes because team killing on S&amp;D is fucking *hilarious*.
 I think you're full of shit!
 Yeah fuck those poor Japanese people who need to feed their families! Let's kill them for doing that!
 IN CASE YOU FORGOT THIS MOTHERFUCKER KILLED A KID UNPROVOKED! HE IS THE BIGGEST PIECE OF SHIT COP EVER. COPS ARE WORSE THAN CRIMINAL! RAAAGGGEEE.
 Yeah you're right bro you got me.  I started this whole fucking thread because I want dumbass karma points and not that I want to defend the 2nd amendment.    **He's figured me out guys!  Pack up your shit it was fun while it lasted!**
 Dude lighten up! I just want to show up with a few thousands of my friends and totally disrupt your business without compensating you by even buying a drink. Why are you such a square?
 Yeah he's fucking halirious
 What? What are you talking about?!!   Go yankess baby!!!!!!!!
 Also don't give a fuck about amateur sports. Except curling. That shit's amazing.
 **tl;dr**: He's an anti-Semitic Nazi baby killer as anyone who supports Palestine is.
 It's GLaDOS fucking casuals man.
 I'm with you on that I really am.  Buuuut I also am pretty fucking impatient and I want to play my games NOW.  Not wait for them to compile.    Assuming that's what you're talking about and not some Slackware black magic fuckery.
 Fucking commies.
 This guy sucks. If they let him on I'll never watch that show again. :(
 LOL SIGN MY WHITE HAUS PETITION U GUISE
 Why the fuck would a bird need ranch and hot sauce?
 And they  don't live in my neighborhood  so fuck them.
 C'mon bro. Have a few brews down at the bar. Fuckin rage man. Everyone knows THIS is truly the way to live life.  Everyone knows the faster you run on a treadmill the further you get. Just stay in place and keep jogging. Smoking pot will not help you at all. Taking a second to stop and really analyze your direction in life and perogtives is useless.  The faster you start ignoring your problems and taking depressants to dull the pain even though you don't know your doing it the faster you can ignore your kids start them as alcoholics and die. THAT'S the life.
  I  before  E  except after  C !!! FUCKING RETARD SHIT
 FUCK YOU BRO!
 because i never met assholes who listen to rock and nice guys who listen to rap
 Hope you like down votes then. Critiques add nothing to the content.  I snapped a quick photo of what I  plated  in order to share.  Had I known I needed a fucking photography studio to share I wouldn't have bothered sharing. I really don't have the time or the patience to setup my studio lights and go pester my sister for her Nikon to take a fucking snapshot.  It's food in this case it was meant to be 'quick and dirty'. Next time I have a cool idea I'll make certain to run it through you for quality control.
 Grad student paying for childcare. That fucking education addict how can she live with herself?
  Android is fucked  works perfectly
 Dude your a rapist! Turn yourself in.
 Who fucking cares if you're a 21 year old dude? Attention whore!
 Oh I'll explain it to you.  You sound like *such* a top notch guy because your willing to lower your standards to fuck such *an obviously un-attractive girl*.  She would also do the same lowering her probably very high standards to have sex with such a generous man such as yourself.
 Wow you're right. I went through and read the rest and now I'm convinced OP has to be a troll. Any person that still wants to propose to a girl that goes on holiday with him then proceeds to fuck her fuck buddy on the side has to be clinically insane.  OP's wife doesn't love or respect him. He is a worm with no spine that she can walk all over and manipulate into dropping everything for her. Unfortunately the harsh truth is he deserves it. He had so many chances to stand up for himself and dump the bitch but instead he just kept reinforcing her dominance and now he's stuck in a relationship where he doesn't trust his wife.   He shouldn't trust his wife. They're having sex once every 3 weeks. Yes I'm sure a woman like her isn't getting any on the side when they're only have sex once a month.
 If by any chance you do get convicted or rape and get sent to jail when you come out you can actually rape her! Double jeopardy they can't charge you twice for the same crime!
 How dare you ruin his Star Wars reference you mother fucker
 Yeah shame on you for buying a Mac.
 Yeah! Expressing your opinion is so stupid! And the ones who post links against homophobia are the worst! If you're really against it marry a person of the same sex! Do something concrete!
 You'll change your tune when cancer learns to hide itself in the shape of a small gorilla.
 Ah yeah slut shaming propositioning young girls and emotional blackmail all at once! He's a keeper ladies.
 cus you aint supposed to be reading stories bout people fucking 'till your 18
 Fuck student loan rates.  I could really use a bag of chips right now.
 What better way is there to proclaim that you're not gay by killing a homosexual?  This totally makes lots of sense.
 Well aren't you a treat. Also: *you're. But yeah the American fans are the dumb fucks.
 You killed your cat!? Sick fuck!
 You mean the fat fuck Lebanon Levi isn't the badass everyone says he is?! Shocking.
 Then why are apes still around?  Checkmate atheists!
 And women you damn sexist.
 Either you get what the government gets or you're wildly out-classed. But making that argument half-assed makes absolutely no sense.   I don't even watch  the media.  I couldn't even tell you the age of the shooter or what his race was. I tune this shit out because I find the media is more offensive and gross these days than informative. But please tell me more about what I know that's the mark of a real intellect.   Why not give children the option to defend themselves! Let's get more guns in schools not less. That sounds like a brilliant fucking idea.
 Apparently you've decided to sit down and shut up because he's a well-known poster and you're kind of an asshole. Lets all just take the hand we're given and hope things iron themselves out. This is what people like this politician want.
 Fuck off christian scum
 A lack of safety and people dying in Mexico this really is WTF.
 LOL DICK PICS AMIRIGHT!
 NO. I must get offended at the smallest perceived slight! Just because I'm part of a teensy tiny minority doesn't mean I'm abnormal fuck you!
 Yeah it really sucks how inexperienced and not intimidating your returning d-line is.
 What kind of crazy documents do you guys deal with that all the formating constantly gets fucked up? Why do all these documents need crazy formatting that can't be used by any one software? What's going on here? What's wrong with ASCII text? Why can't all of them just output everything in standard XML or HTML? WTF!????!
 Let me tell you the muslim extremists are way fucking out of hand here in Oklahoma.
 I would assume it is rape all sex is rape.
 Honestly Skyfall is the only Daniel Craig Bond movie I've seen. By the end I was pretty impressed with how badass he is but completely dumbstruck by how incompetent the women were.    M   - Orders the sniper taken out instead of letting Bond do his thing - namely fuck dudes up -. He's her golden boy and she can't trust him to take out ONE man?      - During her hearing when she finds out Silva has escaped she stays [ok whatever fine] but she **doesn't tell anyone** and puts everyone there at risk. What a great way to show that you're not a fucking idiot.      - Doesn't tell Bond that she's been shot. He's a field operative and recently survived a bullet and a freaking quarter mile fall I'm sure he has some medical experience that could be of use.   Eve   - Doesn't take a second shot and watches the bad guy get away. Seriously. What. The. Fuck.   Severine AKA That girl he fucks in the shower on the boat   - Yeah alright she was a slave girl that had been abused to hell and back but letting Bond come out on the deck and have a nice chat with her? C'mon you couldn't have at least *pretended* he stowed away? It doesn't seem like anyone on the ship had any idea he was there until he strolls out on deck. She served only to allow Bond to have yet another sex scene and a snappy one liner after she gets shot in the head. Admittedly I haven't seen his whole relationship with Vesper but man he's not keeping these girls at arms length he's keeping them at dicks length and then driving over their corpses.   Council Bitch   - Was just a total bitch and probably not following procedure for a hearing of this sort.   There those are all the women with any lines in this movie. I'm glad Hollywood is providing such great rolemodels.
 a lesbian feminist...hmm...I'm sure you give the **real** feminists a good name.
 Shut up HotPie no one likes you.
 Implying that he's gay and omgz that's so gross and shameful! Laugh at the angry creep who's secretly gay guize!!!
 Stupid LA fans.
 Don't tell me what to do you fucker.
 Brilliant! Now the homosexuals will be persecuted AND starve. Great going Britain!
 Oh damn fellas he's serious. I'd better pack my stone shovel next time I go to raze their town.
 Of course you have to be a non-arab to make this mistake. Stupid non-arabs.
 Idk about you but I blame Romney! Fucking republicans for me not getting informed about absentee voting or voting by mail.
 goddamnit you're right. Why can't I call all black people niggers and asian people chinks? STOP MAKING ME PROGRESS AS A PERSON AMERICA!
 Jeez black people you were only disenfranchised and enslaved for half a millenia. Get over yourself. Sheesh.
 His fault for being a rapist
 amuurica fuck yea!
 Because girls don't become gay when their boobs touch.
 Butt sex perhaps!
 Germany is a democratic country. Stop fucking limiting democracy to direct democracy.  Swiss system only works because it's a relatively small country with loads of tax haven money.  And even in Switzerland people make stupid decisions. Banning the construction of minarets. Yeah great democratic decision.
 Weapons? Fuck a trial. He deserved to be executed by starvation.
 Holy fuck. You're from another planet or something. 3rd day of the 24th month 2012?!?
 EA does this all the time. It's called MARKETING. It's just how when you buy a Gillette razor you get a coupon toward an EA sports game. God forbid they give you a coupon. What scumbags.
 That was absolutely fucking hilarious.
 Fuck I hope not. I was libertarian before it was cool.
 There's nothing I enjoy more than hurting the woman who gave me life. Well done OP. Well fucking done.
 but don't come over in a boat or we'll tell you to fuck off cause we're full...
 Fak u faget you little shet twitch.
 Racist.
 I can totally 'cure' you by sending you an unsolicited dick pic !
 Nah fuck that he's gonna cost to much. Lets waive him.
 But fuck the Catholic church *amirite?*
 Yeah.. how dare you enjoy yourself without her!!
 YEAH! Star Wars was excellent why the heck did you have to go on and make that Empire Strikes Back rubbish?
 Not to mention a backcourt with Smush Parker. Kobe just piggy backed off him!
 Yeah! Make better choices people! Abstinence is key! Ignore your nature's instinct to have sex with your loved one. Sex is Evil! And if you have sex your penis will fall off and be sent to a dimension of dogs that will eat it! Oh and condoms actually give you STD's not prevent them!
 Hilarious. Im drowning in a pool of piss
 Pssh that guy is a scrub
 YOU HATE WHITE PEOPLE!!!!!!
 What are you retarded? Everyone knows you're supposed to crucify the pumpkin next so your neighbours know that you like god too. It also scares away brown people!
 Stop enjoying videos you faggot!!!
 This is obviously the case. Homosexuals are always targeted by literally everyone else including other homosexuals.
 Those fuckers should be getting more calcium so that shit doesn't happen!
 Typical white guy comment
 He'd be better off protoss. Such an easy fucking race
 Yeah because drinking totally makes you a bad person and condemns you to a life of shitty jobs.
 You're right. Rapists and child molesters have their purpose.
 What would you rather have them promote obesity!?!?!!! Quit whining everyone can look like this if they try hard enough. If you don't it's just because you're lazy or like food too much. Also you have better shave off all your pubes or guys won't touch you.
 That we're all poor faggots
 Stupid whores.
 You sound like wunna those *rich* bastids frum Belmont. Ya bastid.
 What the fuck? Gwen Stacy dies? But she and Peter are so compatible!  Who kills her! I'll kill the bastard.
 damn i think you're right!!
 ur seeing someone who is not me i hate u bitch
 What you mean Jews who want to have a homeland to finally feel safe against people like you who think they shouldn't? Yeah fuck those guys.
 Yeah fuck secondhand car dealerships Ford ain't getting money from that.
 So what're you're really trying to say is that this year's sucks because of the Longhorn Network.
 WHAT THE FUCK!
 Yea those fucking limp hands piss me off!
 BUT HES BLACK YOU RACIST
 Yeah because fuck constructive community support right? Honestly babies should be learning to breathe a bit of smoke from a young age so they're better prepared for adult life.
 You shut your whore mouth!
 Die.
 Liberal scum!
 I find it funny you got downvoted.   Way to have your own opinion asshole!
 He is fat guy in a white suit with a stick.  Superb cosplay.
 This is stupid.  Guys are shown as sex symbols all the time!
 Dancin Hansen fuck it you got my last name anyway it's unguessable why
 Oh you support getting a cure to Alzheimers - you must hate people with cancer!!!
  I don't know if I'm free or not unless I have a big pile of fucking guns!!!
 How the fuck are you going to crack your cranium by falling onto sand?  Yup helmet on the beach.  Absolutely necessary.
 Fuck facts they are for sensible people right! You get it
 The kind of awful person who makes friends from other cultures you're disgusting!
 What a harlot! It's like she thinks she owns her sexuallity or something! Who does she think she is a MAN?
 That will teach her a lesson.  These fucking criminals are the scum of the earth!
 Must be because that damn muslin wants to piss off the pope and show him who is the most powerful man in the world.
 You're not down to fuck he's not down to friend.  He's just keeping that shit 4hunna.
 yeah you never see any girls with ridiculous fake hipster glasses and plaid shirts what's up with that?
 I bet you think you're better'n dem sissy women who had epidurals don't ya?! All you granola chicks are just alike!!
 I guess there is a rape culture after all.
 Yeah? Well I'm the biggest motherfucking butt trumpet on the PLANET. Take THAT rec448.  I'll take Arma II and a 100 dollar Steam gift card please.
 Yeah super out of line for anyone to assume you might care about your friends to the extent that you give a shit about the big things that happen in their lives.
 You accidentally a word must be stupid.
 You don't get it.  White people **earned** their SS and medicare by working hard.
 You're just being rebellious and ignorant. Jesus still loves you.
 Don't worry the Irish are trying to pass the buck but you can't change history! Fuckin' Micks!
 Because of course if you play games on a console you're obviously a retard.
 fuck carl cox bro lets go c pretty lights and feed me!
 No man validation is bullshit! Fuck that!
 What a fucking delinquent. This is the kind of trash we need to keep illegal and get off the streets.
 Wow! Stop the fucking press! What an incredible discovery that no one has ever noticed before. So glad this kind of worthless shit keeps turning up all the time.
 Damn hipsters! Stop liking things I don't and having fun!
 Oh. My. God. A thousand times this. Happens too much. I'm helping him trying to give an implied smiteless or at least speed up his clear and the dumbass smites early and my auto gets it. I then never receive a gank the whole game and he proceeds to flame me the whole time. Noob Vayne took my blue. Wtf noob. You suck.   Vayne has such a small mana pool and weak early game junglers should give me blue from the start anyways. Bitch I'm entitled.
 So basically you spent your twenties fucking loser/thug dick and now you have almost reached your expiry date you want some rich man to take care of you?  I'll pass but thanks for the offer. It was really hard to resist
 Guilty until proven innocent! Fuck yeah!
 she like totes needs a job for hurr kid yo! Dont be a sexist and stop hurr from gettin that money$$
 Yeah...who are *they* to have problems anyway?  Fuck 'em right? They're barely even *human*.
 OH MY GOD WHAT THE FUCK
 Yeah fuck black people right?
 But don't you see!? The white guys can't do anything because dem spics have stolen their jerbs!
 WHAT THE FUCK! A PLATE! WOW IM SCARED!
 Yeah!  Police officers and fire fighters can suck it!
 Woah you just said fuck dead kids. That's hardcore.
 And so kids Do not I repeat Do NOT blow the whistle. Just go with the flow and stay the fuck out of jail.
 Downvoted for not being fucking terrible at videogames.
 God damnit no you can't you nigger chink
 Yeah man fuck those summerfags! I'm so much smarter than them.
 You jerk!
 About fucking time.
 America! Fuck yeah!
 Yea fuck MLG for letting this happen you should refuse to watch it.
 Chet Atkins and Jeff Beck are just bassists fucking around on guitars. If they were real guitarists they would use picks.
 Damn fedora-wearing neckbearded shitlords!
 Obama smoked pot. George W. Bush smoked pot. Clinton ate marijuana.  My governor Cuomo smoked pot.  My mayor Bloomberg smoked pot.  **BUT FUCK IF I WILL LET SOME POOR PERSON DO IT!**
 Guise this is super funny... Cuz it's Bang*cock* and they're talking about trans people. Get it? It's kinda intellectual and high brow. That guy had to work for that joke. Sew funne!
 Fuck no that's a stupid idea
 I had no idea Petraeus is such an anti-Semite!
 Yeah well you're fucking welcome!
 I don't know why your getting down voted into oblivion. Maybe you should stop sharing your opinion ass clown!
 Nope. But being able to write a check gets you the best care possible as quickly as possible and because you are rich you don't need to worry about starving because you can't work anymore...  But your bullshit straw man argument is very insightful well done.
 Fucking entitlements.
 Ooh I bet you're a real badass.
 How dare you discriminate against my wish to discriminate against you!!!
 No its the stupid Gringos! All Gringos are stupid fat lazy Americans!
 Yes. Fuck Germany.
 Ehh they didn't use *that* much Wildfire in the show. I mean it's not like the pyromancers created more wildfire than had been previously seen in the realm ever then muthafuckin Tyrion filled a dozen ships with wildfire and trapped the ships in the bay with a giant fucking *chain* causing even more death and destruction as they get swept into the burning dam of wreckage in the current of the Blackwater Rush. That'd just be insane.
 Yeah fuck him and his opinion!
 And bloopers aren't bloopers they're squids. Why does Nintendo insist upon calling them bloopers? What idiots! On that note koopas are just turtles. Fucking game developers ignoring nature.
 Fucking poetry
 Holy shit you have to walk around on a route? Fuck that's hard work
 Holy Crap! You're so smrt!
 But but fuck America
 More shitty battle network games.  yippee!
 Halt the presses a gaybro has a crush on his straight friend. This has literally never happened before and certainly never been posted about here 8 fucking trillion times!
 You forgot to mention how Brady hoke is dumb and fat lol hahaha omg fat and a coach.
 Well all Jews are bankers and all Swiss people are bankers so all Swiss people are Jews! Duh!
 I've always held the opinion of not judging the land by the actions of a minority of this people.  I read this kind of shit almost every day.  I think I need to make an exception. Fuck Israel Fuck every single Israeli. If you're not harming the Palestenians directly you are supporting a corrupt government. Therefore FUCK YOU.  Religion of Peace!
 Yeah I know. I actually know a lot of shit about the internet. Just not this.  I just hope it's not like the counter - strike community.   I've been playing for 10 fucking years!   Woah. You like deserve a fucking medal or something.
 It's too easy! Editing photos MUST be hard! If you find it easy to edit photos ALL YOUR PHOTOS SUCK!
 Fuck you! Benned!!!!!!!!!!!
 Fucking UN those anti-semites!
 no of course not hes kanye a total hypocritical asshat because he wants to make money while talking about how fucked up it is to make money. He is literally the first person to ever do that.
 You're probably just racist. Check your privelage.
 He should be sad about how he looks. This is cringe as fuck.
 They don't think it *be* like it is but it do. Jeez. You sound like an idiot without the *be*. Gosh.
 But nasty chicken covered in bible verses is just so much to aspire for! Fuck morals I must have that greasy gross chickin!!!!1111
 you guys are all stupid. everyone KNOWS the sun is actually Ra's magic canoe that he paddles across the sky each day AND he drags the moon BACK across the sky at night.   Fuckin Ra is WAY more productive than those pig Olympian gods he does 2 jobs EVERY DAY. Helios is a bitch and you're a heathen. You will definitely NOT join Isis in the Afterlife along with our holy Pharoah.   I'm so sick of you heathens pushing your phony baloney Greek religions on all of Egypt! I can't stand all this persecution! I for one stand with Ra and Isis and the Book of the Dead that is the basis for ALL THAT IS GOOD IN THE WORLD. all you need is the Book of the Dead. WAKE UP SHEEPLE!
 I can't wait to witness that Miami high-flying action at home!  FUCKING
 HE'S AN AMERICAN HERO DAMN YOU. SHUT YER FILTHY MOUTH!
 There are two types of furries those who look at yiff and those who lie!
 white male cis-scum!
 I'm a black guy! More porn for me!!!!!  Suck it ciswhitemaleheteronormativeoppressivescums!!!!!!!!11111ONEONEELEVEN!!!!  WHOOOOO!!!!
 You shut your whore mouth!  Valve is a saint and Bioware is evil EA cocksucking trash!
 Obviously when the uncle pulled the kid on shore the shark followed because that kid was fucking delicious.
 He wants to be professional?  Fuck him right guys?
 Isn't capitalism great?  I mean fuck those commie socialists they just want to supress our rights!
 Obviously all these men are 'batshit crazy'.
 **THIS GAME SUCKS HAVEN'T SEEN A GREAT CHANCE IN TWO MINUTES**
 Well you are an evil gun-owner!
 You talk like a fag and your shit's all retarded.
 Ha! Da dollar store is fur poor people! I'll gladly go ta Wall-Mart to pay $6 fur a shitty plastic spatula than be caught at da dollar store.
 Because fuck the needy and poor.
 Yeah cock measuring contest time bitches! Gives me a fucking raging hard Freedom Boner!!! USA USA USA!!!
 Oh yeah it's pretty much known ALL Italian gamers are like that. All Americans are Fat All Englishmans hates Irish &amp; French Every black person is stupid.
 OMG DAT SICK PERVERTED BASTARD! How could a man touch a crying female student's back? Goddamn kiddy fiddlers deserve nothing but the worst!
 Shush yourself! Obamacare is working!
 Once his balls drop he's gonna get so much tail!
 Homosexuals are definitely the higher order of assholes. Good on you for fixing that.
 Fuck you you fucker! You're the kind of bloody wanker that ruins Scotland!
 What an unemployed scumbag you are
 I've been checking out your replies to the other answers...  and to be honest you have my pity and he has my sympathy.  Hopefully he'll wise up soon so you won't be so miserable with him
 Is she immature by fucking you?
 Fuck up Nemesis
 Leave it to women.  Always fucking it up for the whole species.
 Gee who could have imagined a GOVERNMENT POSITION of fucking SPORTS MINISTER would have EVER been corrupt... I'm so fucking shocked.
 Don't you realize? Anything done against black people is racist regardless of motives.
 Way to get fucking meta in a pussy joke bro.
 YOU TAKE THAT BACK ABOUT HONDA!! Just cuz we like big ass turbos loud blow off valves gawdy cheap ass rims and a loud exhaust doesn't mean were stupid. TO EACH HIS OWN RIGHT BRAH?
 because those homos will try and recruit your kids!!
 NOOOOOOO!!! AUTISM IS ONLY CAUSED BY VACCINATIONS!!!! AAHHHHAH JENNY MCCARTHY AHHHH!!!1!
 The Holocaust too damn Germany you need to step your game up.
 Fucking a woman at age 11 must be a dream come true. I wish I was that lucky when I was 11.
  Hey someone *owns* that ground you're standing on you fuckin' bum!
 The ass is fat she must be black.
 OH MY GOD THATS SO FUNNY.  ADOLESCENT GIRLS DONT UNDERSTAND COMPUTERS AS MUCH AS NERDS ON REDDIT DO!  LOLOLOLOLOLOL!!!!!  SO GOOD!
 THAT'S WHAT YOU GET FOR BREAKING THE LAW ASSHOLE.
 Can you zoom in a bit more? I can't see shit.
 The whole George Zimmerman thing happened. A Hispanic person got a gun and shot one black kid. That is obviously a much bigger issue than Mexican drug cartels running around killing other Mexicans and Americans with guns they got from o' so glorious BATF
 holy fucking shit this man needs some Jesus
 You?  You're going to be fine it's your idiot brother who needs taking care of.
 TIL: reddit is full of autistic nazi gamers that worship fucking nazi pilots call war casualties k-d ratio and think war was a mother fucking game. And this is our new generation (read complete retards). The future never looked brighter
 What a pussy. Walk it off.
 HOW DARE SHE NOT WANT TO GO OUT FOR COFFEE WITH YOU!? WHAT A BITCH BRO!
 It shows much of an asshole he is? Really? Because when a random person you don't know decides to throw shit at you IN NO WAY you're going say something back to put that person in his/her place?  You fucking moron. Watch what you say. It might show how much of an asshole you are.
 Hi i'm joe now... Before we get down to business and screw each others brains out... Beth... I've had a vasectomy...    Oh....      See it doesn't make fucking sense. I hate people that bring it up casually too. Like it makes them the prime target for all the cock hungry women within earshot. You just don't tell people EVERYTHING about yourself.  That doesn't mean you can go around diddling people behind someones back. You're with someone you either tell them you want to sleep with other people and see if they're okay with it or just find someone else to try and toy with.   He didn't mention his vasectomy so she's free to fuck other guys while putting him at risk if she ever stumbled across a case of herpes. It's fair though. Fucker deserved it. Kept his medical history a secret from her. He deserves that shit.
 NO!  People in cars never do anything wrong! It's those scumbag meth-addicted truckers just fucking with people for the hell of it.  Haven't you seen  Joyride ?  They're all insane!
 Yeah all they did was beat Nazi Germany. Anybody could do that fucking scum.
 maan fuck you.. elitist ... scum
 WHAT? Did you just write  white ? You racist pig!
 You're right. We should stop giving insulin to diabetics also. Fuck maintenance drugs.
 You disgusting bigot! Just because she has a working penis and has impregnated another woman with said penis doesn't make her a man!
 Because power + prejudice = racism you stupid cishet shitlord go check your dictionary use privilege.
 If you're not black you cant say nigger.  Its *racist*
 Because a one night stand makes you a slut.
 damn jews
 Well no shit. Rape is always the woman's fault. Boys will be boys.
 Unless they're a woman. Then she's just a slut.
 But it probably didn't hurt because women on average weigh less than men amirite?  Suck it up big guy!
 Damn right only white heterosexual couples couple be allowed to marry.
 THEY'RE ALL UPSIDE DOWN AND SHIT
 No you are wrong harper and the capitalists are just trying to kill science
 It's hard to discern a good decision like eating healthy from a bad decision like picking up more Wendy's when you're a black trans autistic asexual wolf dragon. Check your privilege.
 SHUT UP NO ONE WANTS TO HEAR WHAT YOU HAVE TO SAY!
 When the rain comes you're gonna look really stupid...
 No you're just an entitled brat.
 I want my turn to fuck it up k?
 Well it kind of is.  Those fucking poor people should quit being so damn lazy and stop asking for handouts!!!
 Bill Gates - lets make personal computers  Steve Jobs - lets make the cases black
 Yeah this game needs way more random fucking poles that will destroy you if you tap them going 3 mph.
 If you don't love it leave it. Winnipeg! Fuck Yeah!
 What are you a faggot?
 Omg ignorant.  That is so white and genocidal of you.
 I'm 17 and a half and not an NYC resident for at least another 10 months. Fuck. I wanted 200 bucks. Us New Jerseyians are basically New Yorkers amirite? fistpumpfistpumpfistpump.
 You're fucking funny.
 Yeah!  Screw those people struggling to make it.  Little fucker should've just sat down and sucked the government tit like a good boy.
 Yeah lets make fun of a fat lady on TV classic!
 Nice try Bungie... promoting your charity and shit... you monster.
 Yeah she'll be *SUPER* happy you got fucked on Meth and tore it out of your face.
 fucking kids.....
 Dude didn't you know your excess fat is what makes your bench press?  If you think about it you should get really fat cuz then you can bench a TON!
 Wah wah wah. There is cats waiting to be killed in shelters with who knows what fucked up emotional problems and you get a kitten.
 OH MY GO IT'S A PENIS THAT'S SO FUNNY
 2 Chainz four bracelets Let me see that ass clap standing ovation if yo girl dont swallow kids man dat hoe basic. Got two bitches wit me take a shot of one hoe using her friend for a chaser. (bands a make her buss it) Buss it (let me see you touch it) touch it money talk you aint got none end of discussion. (Bands a make her do it) Do it. (Pocket full of money) Money! Young nigga gettin head while tha engine runnin'. Errrr!! Let me see you wiggle do it for a real nigga. I be laughing to the bank all you do is giggle. Ballin in my coupe call it sports car Drop the top and freak the chick dat bitch looks like a porn star!   Read more: 2 CHAINZ - BANDS A MAKE HER DANCE (REMIX) LYRICS   2 Chainz is a lyrical genius.
 Doesn't matter he doesn't exist! Damn agnosticism sucks!
 GG $2 IM GOING TO PLAY DOTA 2 HAVE FUN WITH YOUR GARBAGE GAME LOL
 DAVID STERN SUCKS LECHOKE'S BALLS LOLOLOLOLOL
 New host sucks!  *Whine snivel bitch bitch complain etc.*
 yeah and fuck homoparental families! fuck gay people!
 Probably no fucking refills either.
 Goddamnit this fucking repost again?!??
 Cuz you're Gay!
 Man bitches. Never stick your dick in crazy and all that. Bet she'll be taking half his stuff as well.
 That comment thread is fucking genius
 Please shut up I'm trying to get enraged over nothing here. If you carry on I'll get the fuck off this high horse and pwn your fundie ass.
 I will cut your testicles off and feed them to you while fucking your mum.
 Whay am I a scientist? Fuck that shit
 Ya'll motherfuckers need hockey!
 Yeah fuck him for having an accent.
 THE FUCK DID YOU SAY TO ME?! COME TO TEXAS ASSHOLE AND I'LL BLOW YOU AWAY. I'VE GOT AN ARSENAL THAT WOULD MAKE SYRIA JEALOUS. TEST ME YOU COMMUNIST BASTARD.
 Because Superman is a badass and fights giant spiders and polar bears and shit!
 What?   He gets to draw two cards what a dick move bro!
 Omg we must get rid of GMO fucking monsanto ruining our food and silk supplies wake up sheeple
 What a fucking pervert. Everyone knows that 18 is the legal age because that's what the government tells us and government knows best!
 RAICYST!  See guys I told you black people are more racist than white people.
 You hasbara jidf shill!
 Fuck women! Fuck the oppressors!
 Die CIS scum...
 Yeah fuck him for trying to do something with his money.  He should really just keep it in those off-shore accounts and go on vacation.
 Fuck yeah!  Also all you social justice types stop spreading bullshit about how sometimes innocent people are executed.  Yeah it happens.  But most people on death row are guilty so just shut the fuck up.  Unless 51% or more are innocent no one should talk about that possibility.  Also I heard there's this negro down on main street that's been leering at the white women.  Let's go get him!  And I don't want to hear none of that 'but what about a trial' bullshit!
 Yeah! Fuck poor people!
 Well of course you did you're a godless heathen atheist.
 **T H A T ' S _ R A C I S T**
 Harassing law enforcement!  Fuck yeah!
 Cuz all guys when buzzing their head dont use a mirror and say  fuck it  to checking whether shit is straight. Same goes for shaving.
 what? fuck that. throw em in jail! GOD WILL NOT STAND FOR THIS!!!!
 Male  withholding sex  is DV.  Female  withholding sex  is perfectly ok you rapist fuck.
 And there is nothing wrong with white hoods stupid kkk ruining my fashion statement.
 Oh no! A dude that slept on couches a year ago signed a sheet with even more money to it! What an asshole that guy!
 I hate it when people use barbed wire appropriately.  Fuckers!
 GOD you guys are gay
 You know how I fucking hate? Those fucking Jaines with their bloody pacifism.
 You never go ass to mouth. That's how you get infections and shit.
 Hahaha a poop joke YOU'RE FUCKING HILARIOUS.
 They're playing the Nigger Lottery. Shocking.
 Yeah fuck people for going faster than me.
 holy shit
 As you can see the redditors were right and f***** has totally changed meanings.
 Dear sane people : you are just minority so shut the fuck up !
 Yea....**YOUR** so stupid.
 What are you talking about? He doesn't have to be homosexual unless he **chooses** to be.
 You just need to pull yourself up by your bootstraps and WORK you socialist pig.
 Tina Fey... She did almost a year long skit about running for Vice President as an out of touch failed governor who had this amazing ability to say the most ridiculous things every time she opened her mouth... Like that part where sh.....   What? Sarah Palin is a REAL PERSON? That wasn't Tina just doing a comedy piece? Mind blown!  Fool me once shame on... Shame on you. Fool me twice won't get fooled again.
 How dare black people try to force their way into our private white establishment. The fuck is wrong with them.
 Whaaaaa? Now you're just talking crazy!
 I know right. That children is why the bible has been re-translated a billion times. By people like this trying to downplay the stupid shit inside of the book of shit. Fancy that!  Little children = Teenagers  Go up thou baldhead = We are going to kill you   Riigggghhttttt.  OH WAIT HE SAID HE WAS ATHEIST ALL IS GOOD.
 Fuckin' Democracy lovin' hippies kill 'em all!
 Because all cops are obviously white racist pigs.
 leaving without a gg :(  That is so fucking awful.
 Oh so this is a perfect opportunity to say...  What the fuck TIL. I already knew this factoid and you suck as a subreddit and how dare you show me something I already know.
 But he can't be athletic he's white!
 ffs cream this is why our economy sucks you stole all the damn UTs
 I watch Beck so I'm pretty sure the word is  Oligarh  you ignorant fuck.
 Nahh it just means you're really slutty and will fuck anyone.
 Blackface is racist!!!!!!
 Reddit has always sucked
 I don't mean to sound like a dick... But that's because you are white and your father and brothers are all cops.
 Yeah man fuck infrastructure!
 I blame the dirty fucking hippies!
 Yeah fuck OP amiright?
 Yeah they must be kicking themselves over WoW.  What a fuckup
 Fucking no one.
 Yeah cause fuck science right?
 Yeah sucks sometimes I guess were just stuck with
 STOP OPPRESSING HER WITH YOUR STEREOTYPES. SHE GETS LESS MEAT BECAUSE THE LUNCH SERVERS HATE HER CUS SHE IS A WOMAN
 OH FUCK THAT'S ORIGINAL
 Whatever pig. Keep telling yourself your doing the world a solid by arresting pot smokers and shroomerz. We all feel sooo much safer with you guys patrolling the Playa
 You're *100% right*. Reminds me of this one time this 10 year old came up to me in a park and kicked me in the shin. I broke his fucking arm and bloodied his face up. All the parents were like  Ah you monster!  but hey the little shit started it and that's *all* that matters.
 **BABY KILLER!!!**
 Youtube videos creates terrorist like video games creates serial killers.
 Why don't you just change your flair back to  a little baby  and go CRY TO YOUR MOMMY.
 This is correct. It is much better to have an asshole 3 feet off your bumper instead of far ahead of you where you can rubberneck and get good pics of the accident.
 He does????  Fuck how do I delete my post???
 you sound like my wife. shut up and make your husband a sandwich.
 Yeah but SkyDrive is M$ so fuck that!!!
 WTF GET OFF MY WALL YOU DON'T KNOW SHIT ABOUT HOW I LOVE MY BOYFRIEND AND HOW HE WOULD GIVE ANY THING - INCLUDING HIS OVARIES.
 You are and you should be ashamed of yourself sir!
 The hypocrisy on this board is nauseating.  You people are all just jealous that don't have a Ferrari so you want to  punish success .    The Australian billionaire heiress Gina Rinehart contemptuously describes people like you best.  You poor slobs need to  drink less work more  and one day you can be above the law like this 27-year old Red Bull heir.
 But obviously he's still a shitty quarterback right guys? He fucking sucks put in Tyrod Taylor.
 What are you thinking you can't just have fun in Minez! You have to have 20 people Kill everyone duh!
 U/gohomegapers is the only person so far to provide the correct answer and every reply you post to him is about how wrong he is.   You're a fucking moron bro. Better find a gas station that sells 94 octane. I bet that would make your car fly!
 Fuck that shit. This is somebody's fault. I need a demon and I need it fucking ASAP.  Really shouldn't be needed but -
 Never ride again.  Sit on your couch instead and get fat.
 Rape apologist.
 Yeah cause business majors are all in the business of fucking people over with shitty products.
 You're just a bigot.
 Of course he cares!!  Unless you don't agree... Then shut you're whore mouth.
 Thanks and fuck you very much. My decision is what it is and being an ass sure will change my mind
 Democrats are the real nazis! They want to control what we can say! If you're so tolerant why can't you tolerate intolerant ideas! You're nazis!!!!!!!!!!
 WHAT THE FUCK!
 Fucking. Michael. Fuckface. Cera. I hate him I hate his face I hate the roles he continues to whore I hate the movies he's in I absolutely despise the dickbag for looking and acting like socially inept idiot. And yet girls love this jackass and quote shitty movies like every movie except Superbad (both not shitty and the one they don't memorize.) He is not cool. He is not funny. He is as aforementioned a fuckface.
 Fuck you got **rusty**
 He had zero fucks to give is all. I'm sure he's doing well now.
 Women showing their breasts is a sign of them throwing off the yoke of patriarchy.   A man showing his penis is literally rape.
 Oh my word that's ridiculous. I mean everyone makes mistakes but take it like a man. Heaven forbid somebody is doing their job o.O I can't imagine the backlash those ignorant pigs deserve when they arrest someone who best their wife and kids! Or who murdered a few women! Hell that really is a bad cop right there. Punishing people for breaking the law? What a dick!
 CJP: APPLES ARE GREEN YOU FUCKING IDIOT!
 Kick them when they're down that will teach them to be poor. Come on you lazy bastards get better jobs.
 Repost not a gif OP is a faggot
 Lucky guy. This time the Gay didn't get you but keep on your toes man. The dick threat is everywhere. See one and the Gay will swallow you alive. Be careful out there fellow homophobes. Fear is your first line of defense. Shall you ever see a dick you need to resist the urge of sitting on it with all of God's might.
 a great/amazing video. the amount of blacks you showed off was amazing.
 Yeah fuck him for doing videos for free while Daniel Tosh gets payed.
 Yeah let's not be pussies and go out and DO something about this. Let's violate the property rights of the people who employ those of us too stupid to build a business for a ourselves. Then let's cry out for more State funded programs to dumb us down further.
 Yeah Richie Blackmore and CCR don't have a clue how to write a decent song fuck knows how they became so famous.
 The other day my dog was having trouble getting the last of his poop out.  I had to pull shit out of my dog's ass just as a dude was walking by.  That was fun.
 Yeah what fucking psychos to be torn up about losing a child they were expecting to have.
 You're a real hero for setting that evil bitch straight.
 SHH you'll ruin the jerk.
 yeah this guys right FUCK HOMOSEXUALITY!!!
 Why is it that ALL Australians make huge generalizations about people? Fucking dicks.
 **GET OFF MY LAWN**
 Where the fuck he's been?
 god you hocky fags are so polite you cant even post something without saying sorry
 oh fucking super we`re saved! Thanks BBC!!
 That's right! Fuck your opinion and fuck you for putting it on your property! What do you think this is? Nazi Germany?
 You MONSTER!
 Sure they can fuck with the drink and fruit aisles all they want but they totally crossed the line by touching the wine aisle.
 Just imagine what my .177 BB can do to your insides! I will be like a pinball machine!
 Why you gotta fuck shit up for us? Now 7/11 is gonna start charging for that delicious shit.
 THINK OF THE CHILDREN they can't go around seeing natural body parts thats just fucking disgusting it will ruin their little brains
 2:48am? Pushing the fucking boundaries or what?
 Where the fuck does OP say anything about being smarter than theists?  All he did was show what problems religions cause.   You're pretty smart yourself though Faggot.
 What a fucking stupid question dumbass.
 Silly atheist faggot. Being gay is a choice! Check mate.
 NO it's red that's JUST how fucked up it is!
 WTF! THIS IS SO WTF!
 Entitled to sleep in the park for free on my dime.  Fucking occupiers are swimming in undeserved free luxuries while the wall streeters are breaking their backs.
 If she ain't Atheist FUCK YOU and FUCK HER. God get your elitist BULLSHIT off of MY Reddit!
 I was telling you to go to theredpill because you're the kind of idiot who posts in this subreddit because you think that we're all anti-feminist and hate women when that isn't the case.  You respect women really?  Dating while being a man is useless cause women are more flaky than a fucking nerd with OCD.   Oh yeah that sounds really respectful!
 Put a fucking shirt on Justin!
 You are gross... go away!
 Personal responsibility motherfucker.
 FUCK ISREAL!
 That's offensive you ignorant asshole.
 Damn publishers *forcing* you to buy their video games.  What kind of world is this?
 What are you talking about?  Europe is LITERALLY a golden heaven where nothing ever goes wrong.  The USA is full of morally incompetent idiots who can barely tie their shoes.
 You are butchering grammar! That's ILLEGAL!
 Damn dude your whole numpad is blown! What a bummer :P
 Damn you capitalism!
 *trans-gender-queer* you cis-normal shitlord whiteknightTM!
 But all men in India are rapists though. If you starve them young you prevent rape.
 Damn secret government and their chemtrails fucking with everyone again.
 HA you east coast suckers. the ACT is where it's at!
 YOU FUCKING MONSTER WHY DONT WE CUT OFF YOUR FUCKING FINGERS AND SEE HOW YOU LIKE IT!@!!@!@
 Fuck you and your facts! Downvote!
 Rude atheists go to hell people who vote against homosexual rights go to heaven. Therefore being a rude atheist is worse than voting against homosexual rights.
 They also shouldn't have picked the picture that makes him look like fucking Matthew McConaughey.  Check out this heart-throb terrorist!  He'll blow your heart to pieces!
 pretty sure it ruins your credit and you have to be shot in a gang dispute
 Unless you're an engineer you're absolutely worthless.
 I'm sure glad a violent criminal like yourself is off the streets.
 HEY OP FUCK YOU I'M ENTITLED TO ONLY NEW CONTENT ON A WEBSITE WITH MILLIONS OF MEMBERS!
 What is _wrong_ with you? Fuck Slasher.
 Exactly. Feminism has tried to let women be free to do and fuck whatever and whoever they find attractive but when it comes to men we're just supposed to suck it up and be OK with the fact that a woman has gagged on hundreds of dicks.   Remember though that doesn't matter. What matters is that she wants kids and family now that she spent her twenties fucking dozens of men and now her pussy's a fucking canyon.
 Hate the fucken street-dogs. Support Anna Hazare!
 It's fuck year? Since when?
 FunDIES cant be scientists you dumb theist.
 You don't understand! She clawed her way through 12 foot tall waves of dicks and balls and was sexually harassed and almost raped(TM) the entire way!
 What? You're saying gaming isn't work? What the fuck are you? A casual?  Go back to your PS3 casual.
 You broadcast your SSID??   ...*n00b*
 Because we all know you can't easily hook up any current gaming PC to your home entertainment system via HDMI and use a Xbox controller so you can sit your fat ass on a couch.
 Where I'm at the city owns the sidewalk and the patch of grass between it and the road so it kinda makes sense about not blocking the sidewalk.  But those fuckers never mow their fucking lawn and require me to shovel the snow on their sidewalk.
 You made it sound like ordering silver rounds from the internet is bad.  And wow that's quite the dirty mouth. XD  I'm sorry to be such a  fuckin idiot .
 You're SHITTING me? Matches fucking *BURN*? Why are assault matches still legal ffs?
 Remember guys don't show emotion don't miss anyone don't appreciate small gifts that your children may have given you etc. or else you are a **total pussy** and deserving of ridicule.
 Yeah fuck her for losing her cool and then apologizing for it!  What a bitch!
 Fuck your natural rights I run this country now
 You monster.
 No threat at all fuck off hitting it to Williamson at the back post was thrilling I watched every game with anticipation of the big man smashing the ball goalwards.
 Fuck other people that like different music than me.
 This isn't harsh it's just common sense you entitled shit.
 No  asexual ? Fuck this community then for excluding one orientation.
 No see he said 'lol'. It's like a get out of jail free card for being a creepy asshole! You're obviously being too uptight lol.
 Holy. Fucking. Shit.   GUYS - TWO DIFFERENT GUYS ON REDDIT SAW A LIL WAYNE STATUS!!!!11  WAT R THE CHANCES?
 Athiei**
 lol downvotes?  fuck you for having an opinion on when the best time to have your own child was
 A highschooler missed a comma in a post. Sooo fucking cringe-worthy.
 ... but ... but.. but... the democrats are really on our side... they are just weak!  They aren't voting to fuck us because they want to... they are just pussys!
 As did a lot of younger people I'm sure. I regret to inform you that that makes you a fucking retard for not knowing all about Bob Marley. If you had a better taste in music you wouldn't be so retarded.
 That fucking sellout!
 But see you're not citing professional movie/art critics so you're automatically stupid.  Duh.
 Have a problem with a girlfriend that is willing to talk about it fuck that dump her she's a bitch.
 Khalid Sheikh O'Donnell.  Are you some sort of homophobic racist or something?!
 Fuckin casuals
 So black people are made when little white girls take meth! I knew it!
 So Louie CK is a a goddamned communist job killer.  Just think about all the useless fucking middlemen standing in breadlines.
 Yea fuck those guys that are putting their lives on the line to serve your community for years upon years.  They're destroying your community!
 Oh thank fuck let me call off the pitchfork mob real quick.
 You guys don't get it. The problem is the  from scratch  part. It is just too aggressive! Can't Israelis do anything right!?!?!
 Yeah because fuck the Native Americans right?
 HEY THAT'S NOT FAIR  FUCK  IS STILL THE MOST HILARIOUS AND EDGY WORD THAT HAS EVER EXISTED.
 What is this another fucking lynchmob?
 Hey hey hey remember sexism is only sexism when it's against women! Against a man and it's just funny like that guy who got his penis cut off and shoved in a garbage disposal by his wife. Hilarious!
 Because all us MG fans are going to downvote him into oblivion. Yeah! Fuck MGO!  ...
 Hey I don't like you insulting people like children or even having that opinion so you should stop. And if you don't stop then I think you are behaving like a jackass and your manners have deteriorated.
 I will kill you.
 Fuck You!!! You're ruining the league! You won't be happy until they turn it into two-hand touch.
 I'm straight and fuck dead bodies all the time. Checkmate WND.
 This is so fake. Dumbledore is already dead!! Stupid fake post.
 Yeah fuck him for not playing games that I like
 Fuckin commie
 Yeah! What a loser! He sounds like the kind of guy who can be a real jerk too.
 Because you know fuck servicemen
 No silly!   Bitcoins are the future.
 Grow a fucking huge ass beard.  Hell everyone dress as santa clause.  The children will join our fight.
 Fuck you for liking kraft singles.
 awwww big bad friedcat wont sell you something he owns for a price you want - what an asshole he is going to bitcoin hell for sure
 Yeah!  Fuck people who believe that the government shouldn't be allowed to compel you to make a statement against your will.  They must be batshit crazy!
 Yeah she's hideous
 Didn't you know? Disney and Warner Brothers are the creepiest fuckers out there. Can't give them any money because they're all a bunch of creepy furries. Also Ninja Turtles.
 Redditors are dicks...
 HOLY FUCKING SHIT OTHER PLACES HAVE LESS RIGHTS THAN US SO IT MUST BE TOTALLY OKAY THAT OURS ARE BEING TAKEN AWAY AND WE MUST BE ASSHOLES FOR NOT WANTING TO GIVE UP OUR FREEDOMS! ALSO CAPS LOCK FOR EVERYTHING!!!
 Yeah who the fuck likes gravity?
 Fucking America.  Companies making money. Fuck them.
 but why dont you just fuck her i dont get it u gay bro?
 My dad's dick.  He's a nudist and there's some stuff a young girl shouldn't be seeing while she eats her cereal before school everyday.  I'm pretty sure a good chunk of my warped view of sexuality developed from that. Let me tell you how AWESOME it is to feel faintly ill when thinking of sex as a grown woman!
 No one gives a shit how smart you are cracker.
 Ha ha ha  yeah hippies are all scum.
 He likes gay people dude.  Can't you see!!!
 Yeah pretty sure you're the only one you sick fuck.
 Dude he is obviously a diamond player he is just stuck in elo hell with scrubs
 Ehh. Sometimes I wish my more extreme country men would get their views. Would be so fun to slander the hell out of some poor sap and make loads of cash off selling bull shit stories. Stupid laws keeping me from ruining people for the cash and chuckles.
 I hate when assholes make ignorant comments like you.
 Yeah I bet it's a fucking goldmine.
 Yeah - fuck the middle class!
 Shut your whore mouths all of you.  Ace of Base is playing and I'll thank you to show some FUCKING RESPECT.
 Damn you.
 And you fuck up the title. Way to go
 Lollz. Stupid Atheists!!!1 it's all part of his  plan . You just need faith to understand. I'll pray for all of you.
 fuck you blue lucian. black blue.
 aww man you learned why capitalism fundamentally is not sustainable better black bag you.
 LOLZ none of you know anything about Econ or Business or stuff like I do. Maybe one day you'll work a *real* job and pay taxes and *then* you'll understand!  The Democraps (and Commies and hippies and almost all of the coloreds) are all unemployed and leeching off the state because they're lazy and shiftless so when it comes to income tax that the libruls so love they make sure the only people that get taxed are the hard-working god-fearing right. So yeah the left gets their gubmint money because they're lazy and fuck everybody else!
 Fuck you for being poor and stuff.
 America ! Fuck Yeah!
 GO CONSERVATIVES!  You're doing a fucking great job!
 OMG WHAT THE FUCK!???
 Nah man you run a cult of devil worshipers.  D&amp;D is devil worship!
 You wouldn't put your dick in your back pocket so why put your phone on your back pocket?  It is just as painful to sit on your dick as it is to sit on your phone.
 *Personal property. Gosh you're such a statist-capitalist-patriarchist-oppressor
 Nope it's ridiculous.  Mack's lost it and we'll be twisting in the wind until he's gone and hopefully not much longer after that.  But hey fuck you we're rich!
 So how upsetting was it for the white kids to have to listen to  You're so fucking racist white boy/girl don't fucking talk to me. Don't fucking look at me no you can't have that slice of pizza. That's MY pizza. Appropriating racists. You don't know my struggles.  from the non-white folks without being able to say  Hey that's racist.    BECAUSE THERE'S NO SUCH THING AS BEING RACIST TO WHITES OF COURSE
 Sure I'll laugh at your creation but if you think its okay to promote yourself here you must be off your god damn rocker
 It can be but I wouldn't say it always is you fucking nigger faggot.
 I have no idea how you're quickscoping but that's completely wrong. It has the same amount of  luck  as a hardscope. Randomly pressing the triggers? What the fuck are you on about. Using an SMG is completely luck because you have to randomly hold the trigger and hope that someone is infront of your bullets!
 Motherfucker he's got the sword the wrong way blade down blunts the blade.
 Shut your damn mouth you cishet scum! You don't know what it's like!
 Just think about this: If you fuck this up that's it you'll never have another shot at finding someone who will make you happy for the rest of your life because clearly she's the only one who can based on the online messages you've exchanged. If this shit goes South you're gonna have to settle for Molly that fat 35-year old waitress with 3 kids who lives in the trailer park by the dump and keeps creeping on your profile.  Good luck tomorrow!
 Holy shit this is so WTF!!
 I will probably have this damn SONG stuck in my head all weekend.  thanks
 Yeah what a dick
 ##You. . . You. . .  motherfucker
 I didn't know having no life experiences meant you had a mental disease!  Wow!  brb telling some kindergardeners how much they suck!
 OMG ikr? hes totally bragging about his above average stats! FUCK OP!
 KILLING COPS BY THE THOUSANDS IS OKAY BUT DON'T YOU DARE SHOW A PICTURE OF A BONG.
  m ...? * M ...?!?!!* THE FUCK MAN FUCK YOU AND YOUR TYPOS.
 Seriously you're being such an asshole. Stop it!
 Its a dumb idea to turn a paper towel roll into two toilet paper rolls. Because destroying the roll with a knife is a lot better than just spinning some loose to use at the toilet until you can buy more toilet paper.
 I know right! These ads are getting in the way of our gaming! I can't stand it when I want to play Boarderlands 2 &amp; there's an ad right in the corner of the dashbaord right before I launch the game! I mean it just turns me off &amp; I don't even want to play anymore! Fuck you Microsoft!
 Fuck it I'm starting a new website called DreadItt.  We'll be really high on ourselves discussing 5 year old PERL codes till people from Digg and Reddit ruin it and we'll bitch about it there too.  It'll be so awesome I'm going to shit my pants with the fury of a thousand black holes.
 No you're absolutely wrong.  Did you not read the post you are replying to?  There is only ONE mother fucking way to make a hamburger it's meat salt and pepper and nothing else EVER!  If you do it any other way you're completely fucking wrong because there can only be one right way to do anything.
 I don't have any proof of fucking extraterrestrials but SOMEHOW I was able to enjoy *Alien*.... that's amazing I should post it to r/atheism.
 KARMA WHORE WHORING IT UP FOR OUR FUCKING KARMA.  I am sooooooo glad that little slut deleted her account!
 He was bisexual. Get yo facts straight you queer.
 Kobe missing All these fuking open shots....  I mean even i can make these
 And Defiance.  That's a whole lotta fucking scifi.
 No! Fuck you! Have a downvote instead!
 Yeah!  Kancho Ninja you're such a jerk for saying nice things about another human being.  Where do you get off?
 You say it like reddit isn't the same fucking website the whole year round. I heard kids aren't allowed to get on reddit at school so they follow the rules and don't get online.
 There is no world beyond the bay. We are the epitome of all that is good.  Fuck everything else.
 Oh I know I'm a 1 percenter. I literally hate poor people and JP Morgan was a brilliant genius in fucking over the 99s. I'm shocked that you came to such a particular and accurate conclusion from my obvious shot at Tesla. It's not like I was just stating what I may or may not have thought to be fact.
 I too find harassing people fun and thrilling!
 No you don't get. Because OP has submitted stuff before he is now specially entitled to call people assholes while not himself being a giant gaping one!
 Yeah fuck minorities!!
 Yeah doctors probably don't fucking know shit.
 my sign is Jesus! Take that heathen scum!
 Yeah fuck gophers.
 Yes I do. Get the fuck out of here you bastard.
 Now. You don't want to have sex too quick because then you will be a slutty lock and he will be a master key. You need to keep your sacred vagina away from his evil penis.
 Fuck you slut.
 No no it's totally mean and bitchy of her to act like she has sexual autonomy and can fuck whoever she pleases. I mean how *dare* she not bend the to the whims of her EX and not date anyone he doesn't want her to? She has no right!
 Yeah because making fun of something that ruins peoples lives is totally fine right!? Who gives a shit about girls who have been raped its just a joke lighten up!!!!
 thats fucking hilarious  no
 No I was the saleswoman. Now buy this shit you ugly fuck or your face will literally *fall off!*
 Typo fuckface!
 who the fuck wants sex. hey look at me i'm a weakling. let me get into an embarrassing position and thrust like a dirty ape. let me absorb another person's sweat and taste their icky saliva. let me moan cliche dirty cheesy shit like oh my god your titties are so big. then let me orgasm and hate you and have a destroyed meaningless life. fuck all that. i pledged my life to the lord. i will live eternally.
 CLEARLY IF ITS NOT PERFECT IN EVERY SINGLE ASPECT ITS FUCKING WORTHLESS AND YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF FOR TRYING TO USE/TRADE IT YOU FAT DICK.
 Yeah but you're stupid and fat.  Nyaaaaa!!
 So you're telling me Cody kicking big shows leg as he climbed into the ring so he accidentally stepped on a table to end the match was a bad finish!? You're craaazy!
 fag is a cigarette and a faggot is a bundle of sticks!  Thanks 4chan!
 Just because I'm black you assume I'm on drugs? Fuck you racist shitlord!
 Well those are brown people so who the fuck cares
 I know what type of an asshole goes and gets injured? Fucking dick. BTW I hope DRose takes his time returning he deserves it.
 I completely agree. I don't understand what growth really means for a company like McDonalds. They are at every exit across the country. Just calm the fuck down appreciate making a profit and pay people what they should be paid. Stop nickle and diming your employers to keep your stock up a few bucks; although the quarterly dividends are nice.
 How funny! The guys is black and he plays sports for a living. He must be so stupid!
 Face it atheists you are far less spectacular than the snake handlers!
 Yeah those MOS's they aren't real Marines anyway.  Let them go find some other job bunch of fuckin POGs.
 PROOF OF GOD.  FUCK /R/ATHEISM  AMIRITE?!
 Big bird is big you silly conservatives.
 no you fucking shitlord! men only worry about abelist beuty. There are no fat serial killers. Serial killers require a certain level of physical strength being the cis-abelist scum men are they are not afraid of serial killers because serial killers are not a threat to the patriarchy!
 I love hear a smoker saying  Man.. I've had this cold for like months now   HMMMMMMMmm... I FUCKING WONDER WHY!!!?
 A Muslim crashed into the twin towers.  Murder every fucking Muslim.
 Yeah fuck this guy
 Ahaha he hates his wife who puts up with his shit. Hilarious.
 Yeah fuck this guy for asking let's downvote him. How dare he not follow TFS religiously.
 Obviously you are a terrorist.
 yeah FUCK those poor people.
 I don't understand why people think Franklin dies if you pick C obviously it's not like he will pick up his own gun and shoot himself in his house.  [The rich cocky guy tells you that option C would require the 3 of you trying to defeat him and the other crews anyway]
 Yeah fuck 17 year olds who buy websites for $5!
 That puppy ain't fucking it's just cute.
 because it sucks the l96a1 is way better then the WA2000 lol are u serious? fuckin noob
 Another case of Reddit and the internet snowballing into a giant angry mob from jumping to conclusions. Black girls bullying a white girl? It MUST be racially motivated... not just kids being dumb kids.
 Why you damn dirty hypocrite! OUT! OUT WITH YOUUUUUU!!!!
 He said RX.  FUCKING LEARN HOW TO READ
 FUCK YOU THIS IS AMERICA IF YOU DONT LIKE IT YOU CAN LEAVE
 If you aren'y working over 40 hours a week you are being fucking lazy. Get some work ethic.
 calling her 'nigga'... what a boss
 Ok you caught me. You're right Derp.  Let's go  sexytime  where I can be like  MARRY ME!   And then I can do the LOL face and the ME GUSTA face until I stop fap fap fapping.
 If you park like this fuck you!
 Damn dude you're everywhere!
 yeah a baseball bat never ever killed anyone! and gunshots kill instantly every time!
 FUCK THE POOR TECHNOLOGICALLY LITERATE CHINESE!!!!!!
 Crazy tang soo do teachers?  Surely you jest!
 Hey bit aside Jordan has got some fucking great Kardsashian joke material.
 What? Where's my fucking pie? What in the hell white people.
 No we obviously fucking can't you have chosen a different team from him so you are obviously sub-human scum that deserves to die in a fire. Don't ever meet him in person or he'll beat the shit out of you. It's nothing serious though just a bit of banter
 You look like a cardboard cut out and that guy to your right is kinda creepy
 Oh no you don't give a fuck? But my entire worldview was based on all the fucks you give!!! Whatever will I do now?
 Nono we should all boo him every time he has 5 minutes of bad form because I fucking paid money to see him play and he better dance for me or else!
 Ya she is probably just a slut.
 We is not stupid asswhole.
 Did you ever look at a girl? Yup you were *literally raping her*.
 Those damn intolerant Wingnuts at Faux News!
 I have you tagged as idiot......RES saves a lot of time. Looking at your post history I can't imagine why I did such a thing back then.
 Holy Shit! That is a huge penis!
 You both need to calm the fuck down.
 I agree man!  I mean like what the fuck?! Can't go posting a map of Boston in a subreddit where more than half the game takes place in Boston.  Seesh fucking people these days.
 The Mexicans and the Jews are collaborating?  Now we're really fucked.
 Wow. That is soooo sexist. It's just like the idea of a Lulu for men sexism! Stupid MRAs
 Fuck off no fatties allowed in this subreddit
 GLOBAL WARMING IS REAL. Suck it libs.
 Don't tell me you won't miss his  Oh was it me?  face after every single fucking false start.
 Blue card does the most dmg you fking nub!
 Yeah because conservatives don't do that every fucking day.
 Yeah. Fuck that.
 **EA IS RUN BY A BUNCH OF HOMOPHOBIC NAZI COMMIES BURN THEM ALL! RAPE THEIR CHILDREN!**
 Cry about it like a little bitch
 I think you're missing the millions killed by the US. From what I recall it's over 2 million just in Cambodia towards the end of the Vietnam war alone.   Unless of course you're trying to make a propaganda piece then hey you're doing a great job America Fuck YA!
 Public sector employees?   Fuck 'em you need taxes to pay for that shit.
 cuz fuck going to live events like tournaments and promotions; people who stay at home should get the free goodies too!
 B-b-b-but I want my super liberal care bear points and you're being racist! *farts sunshine*
 Nice try NSA intern.  Fuck your privacy agreements when they break the law and spy on citizens without a warrant.  4th amendment or get the fuck out.  You don't get to violate fucking privacy then get butthurt when someone does the same to you.  Sorry Uncle sam what's good for the goose (the government) is good for the gander (the people).  Deal with it.  I hope the whole fucking things burns down and we the people celebrate the end of closed doors secret spying.  They want to use secrets to get at our secrets.  THAT'S FAIR.
 OMG YOU DIDN'T OPEN MY DOOR AND PAY FOR MY DINNER YOU WORTHLESS SHIT!!1!.
 You can tell it's unscripted by the way he had a laptop cued up with the karaoke version of the song she picked!!! Definitely no fuckery afoot here.
 I'd be willing to bet that we *all* use either the standard deduction or itemize deductions.  You motherfuckers need to stop writing off medical expenses. You're killing this country.
 Apple sucks! Nerd high five!
 Because atheists can't be douchebags.
 dick
 What do you mean?    This is drive by fuck you.    I know you didn't mean THAT was cringe material.
 Black people are more likely to be criminals. Therefore if a kid has a black parent and a white parent we should give the kid to the white parent. You wouldn't leave a kid with a criminal would you?
 Yeah fuck Health Canada for not allowing me to donate on days when my allergies are bothering me! What a bunch of allergy-phobes!
 Damn you should have told the countless people dressed up as Hitler that.
 Because playing Call of Dooty and Battlefield make you a fucking dirty small minded little peasant that's why.
 Yeah. Screw you for using all the tools at your disposal!!
 And bring back enslavement of the jews while youre at it.
 And you didn't cut your grapes in half? Your two year old will CHOKE AND DIE!!!!
 Sheeeit. It was Friday night? Fucking idiot was *begging* to be shot.
 yea damn fundies deserved it that'll show them!
 stupid mexicans
 So fuck you companies! Pay up!
 No! You like what I like or fuck you! And I'll tell you why you are wrong!
 Yeah fuck white men!
 Stop the fucking presses!
 That's your job you stupid fucking dog.  Sit there while I put shit on your head and then take pictures of it.
 They think that having the best LCS record of all time makes them good. Fuck them and their cockiness.
 Isn't it fucking terrible that we don't let individuals do no work for a company for up to 3 years and still be paid by said company?
 Ha fucking casuals!
 Rude motherfuckers deserve a bullet.
 LOL AMERICUNTS ARE SO STUPID US EUROPEEANS ARE SO MUCH BETTER!!!!
 Yeah you gotta love date rape and roofies! Women have it so easy...
 Light bulbs are like 3 bucks. Idiots.
 Don't make fun of his stutter asshole.
 pft whatever what could go wrong fuck the police
 FUCK YOU MAN WHAT DO YOU EVEN DO
 Women aren't worth your time? You sexist fuck!
 War -- Fuck Yeah!!!
  Fuck Oracle   You're gonna go real far kid...
 Hush now. Just sit back and enjoy our Brand New War of 1812 Commercials. Haven't you heard? We're a Warrior Nation now. Fuck that Touchy-Feely Pearsonian bullshit.
 ZAKU II MOTHERFUCKERS!!!
 LOL GIRLS WHY DO YOU WEAR HEELS DON'T THEY HURT? LOL SO DUMB just wear something else
 What the fuck are you talking about? Anything discussing feelings is clearly a chick flick!
 Unless you are hating bad or stupid or deluded people then it's OK.
 goddamn fucking casuals
 Gah! Why cant you just shutup and enjoy the new Sim City?!
 That's fucking stupid.
 I bet the guy who drives that truck has a massive penis.
 Damn it Castle Crashers isn't historically accurate guys! Didn't you hear those folks calling xbox to ban it??? Why didn't they???
 Yeah!!! Fuck holding people accountable and fuck the nuremberg trials.  Yeah!!!
 Oh yes you SIR are down voted!  That is totally uncalled for!  How dare you bring up fact when people are so fervently in belief of the lies!!! SHAME!  For that people MUST down vote you because that cannot possible be true!!!   They were not old and in need of severe renovation!!!  They did not need to be cleaned of totally poisonous asbestos wrapped pipes and concrete!!! THe insurance companies did want to waste HUGE amounts of money on the cleaning of that poisonous asbestos they really REALLY really wanted to I swear!    The Israeli company Zim-American Israeli Shipping Co. did NOT at all abandon their HQ at the WTC 1 week before the attack which is 49% owned by the Israeli Gov't!!!  No not at all!!!  How dare you bring up such baseless fact as that to this argument!!!   THEY  should down vote you without reason any time you suggest such a thing.  FOR SHAME SIR!!    Everyone should keep living a lie and ignore critical fact!!!
 Wake the fuck up people skin color is the most important factor in determining leadership!!!!    That and how much free stuff they give you!!!
 WHY ARE YOU TAKING MAH FREEDUMBS AWAY!
 Damn it people stop posting about this!  You're killing Golden Lotus prices!  :P
 Rock was better before these damn kids came and ruined it. Damn Brits ruining Chuck Berry.
 The officer was probably annoyed that he had to waste his time coming to tell kids not to skate somewhere when the property owner asked them to leave and after finally getting his point across he sees one kid give him the  like I give a fuck  smirk and takes him home to his parent so hopefully they take a step back and realize that their child is disrespectful towards authority figures... But yeah the officer was in the wrong and nobody should have been punished blah blah blah
 They suck? Take that back right now
 Yeah fuck you Obama $250000 is barely middle class - especially with two kids in the house.
 Damn!  Lots of armed black men.  Better go buy some more guns and ammo!
 Because fuck you that's why.
 Nah. I think I'll just sit back and let her watch American Idol and Jersey Shore while I fuck around on the computer and generally not give a damn
 Thats a pretty SHITTY book hahaha SO funny
 Damn you and your opinion!!
 fuck you for surviving. seriously. how dare you have a right to eat and live. quit leeching off society.
 Neckbeards really should stop being so damn gay when they obsess about Ridiculously Photogenic Guy and other male memes or male celebrities.
 Yeah fuck. Those assholes are just so annoying... I mean who wants to see someone be happy? Fuck happy nervous people in love!
 Plus if he wasn't so liberal then I AM more fucking liberal than he was. So NANANANANNANANANAN!
 Fucking Mendelian inheritance and its anti-Semitic bias.
 Were you sucking his dick at the time?
 Why don't you shut the fuck up asshole?
 But...but doctor what about the serious side effects??? I hate having a comfortable sleep and enjoying my meals is so disgusting. Can't you give me an alternative pill that totally fucks up my organs and gets me addicted to lab chemicals? I beg you doctor...don't do this to me I hate healthy forms of medicine.
 How's this for a respectful debate: Fuck the fucking fuckers.  Too harsh? Not respectful enough?
 Now that's just not being  MN nice .  Then again fuck them cheeseheads.
 Damn liberal college professors.
 It's like making a lot of money and having sex with poor women.  It's not noble but it feels good and you prove to the world that you're a stud.
 I think you scumbags are forgetting these guys are FUCKING HERO'S!
 Yeah fuck that guy for being tipsy and making a move on a girl he liked!
 BECAUSE AESOP ROCK IS UNORIGINAL AS FUCK!
 How dare you not remember a boring trivial tidbit you learned in in a 101 course. WHAT ARE YOU AN IDIOT!????  How do you expect to make anything if you don't know the complexities of RGB vs CMYK!!!!!!?????  GO BACK TO SCHOOL!! YOU PROBABLY LOVE COMIC SANS !!
 The bottlenecking has made trying to get out of the damned thing and go to work a real joy too
 Well now you're being the hateful one by calling him racist. Because hating hateful bigots who may be part of actual hate groups is what a hate group is.
 shut the fuck up anti-semite they are god's chosen people says so right here in this book they gave me they can do anything they want because they are jewish and Israel can do no wrong THEY JUST WANT THE RIGHT TO EXIST why do you hate them so much for being jewish?
 Yeah because conservatives who watch FOX and would vote for Romney are ever likely to change because they're even thinking in the first place. And parents and grandparents listen like hell to the young people and don't think the young people are a bunch of idiots. And best of all big family fights are FUN and known to accomplish so much and improve things.
 But... But...  Jews suck anyway!
 Never happens to men ever. Luckily neckbeards and fedora wearing ass burgers are all treated like individuals.
 You are such a jerk! Caring for your neighbor? Not wanting him to get into an accident? Where do you get off?
 That guy was blatantly racist! Didn't you hear his NAZI accent?
 To? TO? **TO**!?!? Its  too  you stupid piece of shit!  I'm gonna come to your house and kill you for this mistake!
 You're a man it will be forever your fault
 yeah dude all girls can get sex WHENEVER THEY WANT. fuckin' bitches!!!!11
 Yeah! What is he thinking having a different opinion than my own?! What a douche!
 Fucking deep
 Liar! All video games do is turn kids into uneducated murderers!
 yea fuck this dude! I can't stand people who are more successful than me especially when they're good at investing and controlling their money. He's making more money than me just off his money!! That's not fair! He should give me more of his money because I haven't been handed a fortune like him.
 Hey fuck you I got mine. Those kids are probably lazy.
 If she cheats on you that means you were obviously abusive  which thus means that SHE gets to hit YOU.
 This is fucking hilarious! No wonder it got submitted to r/funny!
 I sobbed so fucking much that I am now totally convinced by your first link.
 Yeah damn hippies.
 So much entertainment has been had by every Bassett hound owner ever. Everything they do is gold well I take that back... They drool a lot. I mean a LOT lot. Yeah fuck Bassett hounds...
 Respect your tolerance man.  fucking
 Well of course a **socialist/fascist/nazi** propaganda outlet would say such a thing!!
 I got a raise but it moved me up a tax bracket so now I take home less fucking Obama.
 i agree geoff sounds nothing like ross. man this fanbase is stupid
 I forgot that AIDS only affects homosexuals.
 He throws a nigga randomly in there too... Thats how you know he's hood.
 HEY BUCKEYES PREPARE TO GET CRACKED!!!1!!1!  HAHA GUYS THEY'RE A NUT GET IT? HOW ORIGINAL IS THAT JOKE? I'M A GODDAMN GENIUS!
 I don't make the headlines buddy. The drama makes the headlines.  Signed: give me a fucking break
 Fucking cops just running everyone's day
 Wow fucking great article.
 Yes let's blame the victims instead of the troll. How dare people call the guy a faggot? It's not his fault that he's a class A douchebag.
 Haha I get it because americans are stupid! haha!
 I'm glad that the white guy is who gets the negative connotations. Fuck them crackers.
 Then start checking it more often shitlord!
 Ohhh you are such a rebel. Tell me about all the other things that make you a bad ass.
 Anything under 1000cc is fucking gay -- get a real bike.
 Yeah. UNICEF - what a fucking joke.
 Hay guys let me tell you why Islam is good and stuff. Okay so like if someone commits adultery since we are the religion of peace we stone them. Like totally fair right? As long as we can prove they fucked because you know that's such a horrible thing.  Also adultery and fornication are like totally different dude. Like in one instance when two people fuck you should kill them. But in another instance when two people fuck we should be merciful as the religion of peace and only give them 100 lashes. Oh praise Allah and his mercy.  Furthermore to subject women to more of our mercy we will force them to be examined by a doctor to determine if they are virgins. Because you know... When a doctor sticks his fingers up there and the girl doesn't want it its totally cool with Allah. But when two people consensually do the same thing its a crime that should be punished.   Also i want you to believe that in the Islamic world we only kill two or three women every 1400 years or so for doing something that most people do in the rest of the world on a daily basis. We have a spectacular record on woman's rights. We are a moderate peaceful rational loving society and i just don't understand how you can't see that.
 Of course he does! He has a penis!  Duh!
 Wow just wow... I love how everything biblical explains itself cyclically recursively and in a plain ole big fuckin circle. WHY THE HELL is part of the bible ok to quote but not the rest??? WHY THE HELL do the fundies get so damn pissed when a non-fundie knows their book of fairy tales better than they do? Is there some kinda cliff notes out there about which verses really pertain to real life? My neighbor is broke and hard up for money I'm sure he'd like to sell 2 of his 3 daughters.
 Don't click that link! How the fuck do you know who I am?
 Uh-oh you're fat shaming!
 HE SAID NO MATTER HOW STUPID JEEZ DONT YOU KNOW WHAT AN ABSOLUTE STATEMENT IS
 Genetics how do they fucking work?
 Lol yah 100+ ibu beers... Fucking pussies
 Because this gun fits in your pocket so it will allow you to discreetly kill every one of your coworkers.
 Not from the states!? Well aren't you ignorant!
 I'm gonna buy a Window's PC to show Microsoft I dont want their shitty console!
 That way we can have more fatal crashes from idiots and stick it to those pig g men!
 Stupid gamers and their entitlement.
 If the top 1% see an increase in revenue while the rest get fucked It means everyone wins right? It trickles down! That's what Dubya said!
 Yeah and fuck Rosa Parks for refusing to sit in the back of the bus too.
 I got a DUI for passing out in my backseat because my keys were lefton the dash.  Further proving that everybody who has ever gotten a DUI is a sick fucker who is trying to kill every single car on the road and doesn't care about anybodies life.
 Yeah fuck people for having fetishes that you don't like right?
 because religion is bigotry stupid fundie concern troll!
 he would have ever guessed he was such a fucking slob?
 You're right! I saw this when I was in a Macy's! Fuck the OP!
 It's okay I don't generalize. Unlike you you racist piece of Texan shit.
 I hate you. I now have his stupid fucking songs stuck in my head. Getting the drill out as we speak.
 Yeah because that's the first fucking thing that turns me off a book:  needless profanity and shit.
 Yea! Build your own because if you don't have the time to spend to make your own you're a fucking loser.
 Oh god they didn't know the roots of a FUCKING VIDEO GAME. They must be a worthless human being.
 Fuck I'm only dating a black girl to be rebellious against god! Now I'm screwed!
 DUDE RESTLESS LEGS SYNDROME IS A SERIOUS FUCKING CONDITION I CAN'T EVEN ENJOY MY BEDTIME COFFEE UNLESS I TAKE THIS PILL!
 *favorite* FTFY  God sum p33ple are so dum.
 Fuck. Democracy is ruined! THE TERRORISTS HAVE WON!!!
 no. it's a low-level job so fuck them.
 Well might as well join in the fun all these religious folk get to have.  I'm gonna come over there and rape you then murder you while I shove the god delusion down your throat and finally piss on a crucifix just because I can.
 I'll wave at anything on 2 wheels. Fuck you trikes!
  OH NO CENSORSHIP FUCK THIS FASCIST WEBSITE.
 Its got that damn Union Jack on it.
 Tubal pregnancy? Too fucking bad gonna have to die. Should have kept them legs closed.
 Of course the black guy is cracking down on slavery.
 I dunno wait till I send you a dick pic ;)
 *You're not implying they are all playing us for fools are you!?*    Because I just couldn't live with that sort of reality...  I would be terribly upset and would have to resort to turning on the television and finding some sort of authority to assuage my ever-growing fear that ALL these fuckers are in it for themselves and their secret friends.
 But they won't scrape the fuck out of those screens right?
 because she was just showing she was a sexually empowered womyn you were clearly sizing her up to rape her as soon as she left.
 Stupid theist.
 Wait the capitol is full of smurfs? Shit this is avatar all over again!!!
  God loves all of you   Yeah fuck that guy. What a hate mongerer.
 LOL UR A FAG! STFU
 No that dog is evil! He probably tried to kill your kids when you werent looking! You probably hid the pictures of your kids after they were bitten and murdered!   Murderer lover!!!!
 Yeah man fuck responsibility.
 He should just kill himself praise Jebus.
 **I will slaughter my laziness they way I slaughter brown people**
 It sure would be nice if you proles and povs just shut the fuck up and let people of worth and value do what they need to do.
 Wait a Spanish journalist filed the lawsuit as well? Why is the entire country of Spain so fucking stupid?
 Oh noes! Not  evil socialism ?! Luckily Americans are selfish so that will never take off!  In other news glorious capitalism has recently abolished evil socialist policies like the fire brigade! Now when your house is on fire they'll check your credit rating before they put your house out then present you with a $15000 bill!  Why should people have to pay for anyone else's house burning down after all?  Stage 2 - Burn the public libraries!
 Being a COUNTERINTEL JIDF shill of course.
 slut.
 Just think all that lung butter you're coughing up is the way your body is healing itself. It feels fucking awesome.
 Yeah Root gaming sucks.
 quick patent that shit! even though some one probably already owns it. who gives a fuck.
 Yeah that was funny shit.
 that's because I'm right mothafucka
 fucking pinko commie
 Of course it is are you stupid???
 Fuck you too buddy.  I'm not doubting that *you* want a job but the majority who don't and keep sucking the system dry clearly do not want a job.  If you're afraid of someone having your urine as if something bad is going to happen 1984 style then you're in for a rude awakening:  they  already have a lot more on you.  WAKE UP SHEEPLE!
 Well hell since you're a fan of double standards then lets get rid of women's right to vote while we're at it.
 WHY DO YOU HATE WHITE PEOPLE?!  WHY ARE YOU BIGGOTED AGAINST US!!!??!?!?!11
 SHUT UP AND MAKE MY COFFEE
 yeah lets keep sinking billions into a country that can and always has kicked the living fuck out of its neighbors there's no possible way that could ever contribute to our deficit  no i think illegal  beaners  crossing the mexico border cause waaaaaaay more damage to the us economy than a bunch of genocidal zionists
 NO MAN YOU ARE OBVIOUSLY A SHILL OF THE FISHBERRY CORPORATE FOOD GODS
 Yes because all fat chicks are dumb.
 Yeah because fuck everyone who can't afford the first two years of basic classes at a university.  They're all stupid illiterate trash at junior colleges.  Fucking worthless immigrants and the like.
 You're right. Capacitive touch is for the birds. Fuck everything related to the Nexus One amirite?
 You anti social freak of nature!  You're sick!!!!
 oh shit! he's the guy from that meme!
 To the office of; Chambliss  Eat shit and die fifty pounds that is sucker! Each of ya!  Hows that for a fucked up message. (This is not a death threat.)
 That means you suck at lasthitting and should go back to being a wardbitch and leave farming for the PROS
 Don't you know the internet is serious business!?! You think this is a fucking game???
 Fuck you we'll make those lazy bastards work be more productive by cutting their hours and getting rid of their well-deserved benefits. Teach them a lesson!
 trying?  we are!!!  amurekia!  fuck ya
 YEAH MAN. FUCK DA SYSTEM
 Nope. That is too glorious. Get the fuck out
 The small dick/big truck thing NEVER gets old.
 What a prick then for waiting while beautiful land is being turned to ugly ash animals are dying etc. Must all be because of original sin.
 That's unpatriotic talk there! Murica fuck yeah!  USA USA USA!
 Of course he does AMERICA FUCK YEAH!v
   ... become poorer  he finished the line with.  And all the GOP audience laughed and then gave him a standing ovation because they all know OWS is nothing but a bunch of lazy dirty f*cking hippies.
 Nah fuck that: I like my emotions untouched by all humans!
 Yeah don listen to them old niggas talking about how it was back in their days. Shit's just old people rap.
 Put them on your boobs ... Everyone will just smile and you'll have your hands full
 Olaf is still a bitch.
 They need to get the AX men out there and harvest that sucker.
 YEAH WHAT A BITCH
 Yeh let's hope they all die off. Fuck human beings believing in a different religion!
 But it's not that much of a hassle to have a fake alternative account!    You are simply being lazy!!!!!
 I'LL FUCKING CUT YOU!!!
 Come on BBC totally sucks.
 While you're at it why not jam your thumbs in their eyes.  Sorry broooozki I guess those soft spots on your face were just begging to get gouged the fuck out.
 Shut up you racist
 I REALLY WENT 'WHAT THE FUCK' AFTER SEEING THIS
 Lesbians are just bisexuals who haven't had a good dick.
 Good for you this is what makes our healthcare the best in the world. America fuck yeah!
 I barely give enough of a shit about your rich problems to type this.   It must be really fucking awful not to have to worry about where you're going to sleep tomorrow or where your next meal will come from.
 Yeah i do the same in school zones!  That'll teach those fucking kids!  Pickup trucks are BIGGER than children so they should give way - not my fault if they get hit!
 Yeah how dare those fuckers! The nerve to want to keep their land!!
 Fuck Civil Liberties! Free Market!
 Mother kisses daughter? It's alright mom just loves her daughter.  Father kisses daughter? OMG must be a incest-pedophile driven relationship!  Double standards and a bias that assumes all men are pedophiles at birth.   Guys can't love! Guys just want to fuck their daughters!
 Fuck you
 Back when queers cudnt get hitched!1
 Yes of course. They're going to nuke their own country which they have already have power over because that gives them *nothing* extra.   Hurray! We have power over an irradiated country! Wait - that's really fucking stupid!
 Yep us meat-eaters are fucking terrible people for sure.
 You like it when girls touch your dick? What the fuck is wrong with you?
 Hey these people are successful and well educated Fuck them!
 Monsters are allergic to bullshit
 What kinda fucked up person would even do this!
 Yeah what a douchebag! What idiot sprains their ankle. IDIOT! And finals are such stupid shit. IDIOT!
 No dude. Get in there and get everyone sick. Fuck them if I can't gain no one can.
 Jonah Hill getting raped by a demon is hilarious! Its sooooo funnY!!!!! XDXDXD
 Because Metallica sucks lol
 you sound like a transplant asshole
 shit i'm damned near twice your age. i've only come on to reddit because my fingers are sore from playing games all night.  STFU kid.
 Yeah *fuck* women. Those clucking hens do nothing but gossip amirite?
 You're right. It's those damned Mexican!!
 He cared enough to give you a warning. You're just an asshole owner who doesn't listen to warnings.
 WHAT!?! HOW DARE YOU INSULT  MY SEX ED TEACHER'S SON FROM 4 YEARS AGO. YOU ARE CRUEL AND SHOULD DIE IN A HOLE.
 Durrr he said YNWA. Stupid.
 FUCK THIS GUY. HE MADE A COOL SPREADSHEET. HE USED MATH. WHAT A FAGGOT.  TL;DR DOWNVOTED.
 I think you're missing a macroline.
 Wow yeah people being shorter than other people is fucking hilarious.
 Wait but how can she be a cam girl if her computer sucks!? She might not be telling you the truth.....
 Because giving up your shoes for your unprepared female SO makes you an asshole right!
 Americans don't want no nigga eggs. dagnammit.
 What a typical pretentious asshole Christian.
 I like your thinking. Because people are idiots we should do things in a stupid manner.
 oh you poor bastard.
 How dare you voice an opinion on a MAN'S page you silly female.
 Why feed them at all they are just fucking criminals.
 FUCK THAT! YOU CAN HAVE MY GUNS WHEN YOU PRY EM FROM MY COLD DEAD FINGERS YOU SOCIALIST ELITIST GODLESS LIBERAL COMMIE!  GOD BLESS THE U S OF A AND RANCH DRESSING AND SUPPORT OUR TROOPS! FREEEEEEEEEEDOM!
 LOL you got trolled hard faggot I fucked your mom!
 Enjoy your upvote and orangered for having more of a clue.  Do you suppose we'll see a thread filled with racial stereotypes about white people who're fucked up on drugs making over-the-top electronic music?  Gosh probably not.
 Because knowing for a fact that a random guy is jerking off to you probably repeatedly by the sound of it is SO SEXY
 Yeah fuck Chris Brown for beating Rihanna. He's such a scumbag.
 We haz teh power over yous all. suck it cunt
 Stop shaming me you transfat-phobic shitlord!
 Ummm your logic is bad.  How the hell is the cop going to know you're just  riding around ? How does he distinguish that riding with  just stole it trying to get home ASAP riding around ?   How DARE he pull you over because you're riding a bike that precisely fits the description of the one that was just stolen.  He was clearly just doing it to mess with you what an asshole.
 16 year old here have absolutely no fucking clue what this is.
 Fuck Yeah! We'll do it LIVE!
 You should probably tell him his FB photo ended up on the front page of a website and now 134000 strangers can look at a picture of his house. I bet he'd be fucking PUMPED.
 The trick is that he got the balls to stay still on such a crooked table.
 bro dont you get it ? Secular and shit.
 But pretty things are for faggots!
 Fuck you Canadians are too nice to be mad at!   Even though that game was a joke ref was a jackass.   But wait you personally didn't have anything to do with that? I thought everybody in Canada worked at every hockey match
 The fact that she's going out with that douchebag Makko. That's obviously all her being a slut.
 IKR?!  Child birth is *such* a pain.  They should go back to putting mothers to sleep as they gave birth.
 Oh yea stupid democrats how dare they try to pay our bills.
 Yea cause two assholes means the whole community is awful!
 Blashphemy u dum horror-man imma BOMB YOU ALL to fuck pieces for LOVE of CHRIST
 That guy is an **idiot** not a fundamentalist. Get it right! Downvoted.
 My bad. Yes it's  Google Fiber .  Damn you Americans and your weird English spelling.
 Yeah fuck the citizens. Better for the cops to show up to a murder scene rather than a crime scene of self/home defense. Fucking pleb citizens thinking they should be able to fend for themselves. How dare they and how dare anyone defend those fucking plebs they should just roll over whilst simultaneously giving up their dignity/prosperity/life.
 What a dick! You should file a restraining order
 Really 'the psychopath' for a guy who threw a single sucker punch? Yeah you're totally not over-stating things.
 No Mexico is a land of lawlessness and savages and you **will die** if you go there.
 Yes! Also hanging your toilet paper in an underhand fashion makes you a rape supporter. Confess! CONFESS!!!!!
 yeah stupid faggots
 DON'T TELL ME HOW TO IMPROPERLY WEAR BRAS BECAUSE I'M A WOMAN THESE ARE MY BOOBS NOT YOURS WITH YOUR STUPID KNOWLEDGE.
 Breeders and their fucking crotchfruit...
 Yeah they should just bootstrap their way to success. Clearly if they can't break the cycle of poverty they're just lazy fucks right?
 You are right. Fuck all animals we clearly dont need some of them.
 Your just jealous that your mommy wont let you play real manly games like cod you noob.
 Since you don't want a child you should go the selfish route and have your BF move in with you.  Fuck kids someone else can raise them. Like his sick mother. But who cares about that you love him.
 You're right. They should find some other magic way to make games other than money stupid Microsoft.
 STFU you are putting countless lives in danger!!!1!
 According to onepercent you are not a sex god by merely mentioning you might be one. Good luck in your escapades you arrogant small-dicked prick.
 It is not possible to state opinions of others that you have heard and disclaim them as not your own. You have been here over a god damn year how have you not picked up on this fact of life?
 Yeah. Take that you stupid healthy hippies!
 I said asshole.
 HOORAY DODGING 200 FUCKING LIGHTNING BOLTS AGAIN. Totally looking forward that shit.
 Its actually an epidemic right now seems kids nowadays just fall backwards and fuck their backs up for life.
 Yeah. Fuck people who tell customers that they haven't got something in stock when they haven't got it in stock. That's just shitty customer service right there.
 Hey man fuck you tucking your trousers in to your socks is cool!!!
 Yeah man I have AIDS and you don't that's totally unfair you should have AIDS to like Jerry!
 Well except if you are really religious.   Then you can go fuck yourself.
 Creationism is wrong?  You are making me and my grandma cry. You are an asshole.
 Oh but you should because you have the evil white gene in you. It doesn't matter if you have the white gene you are just fucked. Your ancestor could have been born into white slavery but it doesn't you will be held accountable by the SJW's of the world and of Tumblr.
 Oh my the woman didn't take you seriously?!   What a harlot! Doesn't she know she's a foolish waif doomed to fail without your guidance?
 Because dude when a hardcore PvP Group that cleared all of your PvE and PvP content in less than a month leaves your story driven PvE MMO.  YOU KNOW YOUR FUCKED.
 Protein and fat? Nah fuck those! give me those tasty carbs!
 Don't you tell me what I do and don't believe you blasphemous dick!
 And I have and will they will never know how damn frustrated I am. But you guys can as I assume you won't tell them.
 Nah fuck that we're gonna use the Manchester United striker strategy for attacking midfielders.
 Checked all his employees cars for an Obama sticker. Totally not an asshole move.
 this cars kill a fuck ton more people per year than guns aka we need to ban high capacity assault cars
 Yeah everyone who thinks that prison rape is not ok is a  white knight  huh? They are also fat ass neck beards hahahaha! Hahaha stupid neckbeards!
 Those bastards!
 yep like OSX is just crap. thats why the hackintosh community is total nuts. You are totaly right.
 Fuck. The U.S. will stage a false-flag self bomb and blame it on Iran and force the American people to believe and accept that it was Iran.
 Lol stupid Americans they're all too fat to walk and too lazy to drive!
 Yeah Ghandi was fucking retarded.
 Because fuck amputees! That's why.
 Yes because our healthcare system in Canada is a fucking mess.
 Fuck... I got a ticket from god today I better get my ass to church!
 NO!!!!! I'm so fucking shocked!!!!!!
 Nah it's not true they can totally bypass thermodynamics with their fat. I mean all they eat is a leaf of lettuce a day they can't help it their bodies just make fat out of thin fucking air.
 Transparency? Fuck that that's stupid.
 Fuck the free market!
 Haha fucking vegans are dumb. They are bad and we should ridicule them.
 Fuck Civil Liberties! Free Market!
 You dirty doper! Why couldn't you have chosen a more acceptable hobby such a rape or child molesting? You had all of these choices and you chose the most heinous of all smoking a joint. Shame on you.
 Yea... Fuck those people who are showing an interest in the game. Let us be dicks towards them.
 Nope the belief in christ makes you too stupid to be cool.
 yeah cuz atheist have fucked up the country as bad as the tea party.
 Yeah dude you're such a moron for finding out how big of an asshole this guy is.
 Hey you leave him alone.  When we had fun as kids that was *completely* different than the stupid shit kids do these days.  Our ways of having fun were real fun not stupid kid stuff.  Sure old people didn't like it but that's because they're stupid.  We're older than these dumb kids and that makes them stupid too.  Writing notes that look like texts on a phone is so stupid it makes my brain hurt.  At least we were clever when we made fart noises at inappropriate times or coughed to cover up insults.  We were clever; kids these days are dumb.
 George bush is a nigger.
 You are just opening up more to anime. You have to remember it's just another medium. Weaboo faggot.
 Thanks for the down vote guys. I eventually found a shit ton of these on 9gag. Fucking 9gag. So thanks so much for the help.
 Yeah you'd never catch Abbott doing that sort of shit... I mean the *nerve* of this government spending money! I'm so angry I'm shaking. I'm gunna call up Alan Jones and see what he thinks about this wasteful witch. I don't even care that she isn't really spending a billion dollars I don't fucking care about stupid things like 'facts'.
 A 2-headed snake? That's some scary fucked-up shit!
 Yeah because girls are stupid and don't know how to google
 Oh wow she got owned. I bet he's just rolling in pussy now.
 Yeah get a better job!  Jesus Fuck you lazy ass.
 Are you sure you didn't meant idiot's?
 Balkanically speaking you're lying scum and I'm gonna bomb your village.
 *Flaming homosexuals! Get off my Intartubes!*
 Well if your standards are this low you'll be drowning in shitty pussy soon for sure.
 Oh yeah tough guy! You would not call me a dipshit face to face. I see tough guys like you and I kick the shit out of them.
 Fuck!!!!!!
 People want to be paid for their full-time jobs? Man fuck those guys.
 Gosh! Can't a ridiculously attractive guy make just *one* post without getting swarmed with dripping vaginas?!
 Gender motherfucker do you have it?
 Yeah but you're lazy and he's a hard working job creator.
 [Censorship sucks ass.]
 If at first you don't succeed...try fifteen more fucking times. And maybe throw in a vagina picture or two.
 Because promisc mode SUCKS!
 IF I DON'T LIKE IT IT'S A GAY FAGGOT FEST! GAY FAGGOTS!
 Sugar is just empty carbs and it'll kill you and make you fat and die and stuff.
 Holy shit Ron Paul met a black guy
 Yeah! OP tried to use proper grammar! What a cunt!
 Yea your friend kills hundreds of people with drone strikes.  That's much better
 Na she is literally getting fucked for money by playing games she hates!
 11 grand. Too damn much if you ask me.
 Oh damn nigga you got me goooood
 GRAMMAR IS VERY IMPORTANT IN TITLES FUCK.
 You racist!
 She gained more mobility at the cost of having a knock up instead of a knock back. What a fucking tragedy
 Ya cuz their RB sucks
 Yeah those fucking north koreans!
 Why is this in r/funny?? Beause FUCK this guy and his dumbass religions!!
 But dont you dare say reddit is full of pedos and rape apologists!! No no! Its just a tiny minority.. Psshhh fucking feminists always overgeneralising amirite?
 Dude that's what  freedom  *means*.  You fuck up **you're free to die** and good riddance to you for being imperfect.
 Shut up commie.
 Yeah no one around here wants you to describe the last time you had lesbian sex!
 For fucks sake it should say don't have sex with gay men as well. Duh!
 Fuck yeah famous
 I bet life through your eyes is just absolutely fucking full of joy and wonder.
 Son?????? OMG! You have totally ruined the story for me!   Have you people never heard of spoiler tags? FFS people!!!! GAME RUINED!  I hope you are fucking happy with yourselves!
 I hope you die a slow death in peanut butter quicksand you hater!!
 Completely!  Our troops should be cold killing machines with no emotions!  Fuck getting fun and enjoyment out of life I want them to murder and that's that.
 Probably a rollerblader.  Didn't you know? The hardest thing about rollerblading is telling your parents that you're gay.
 Mostly the fully actualized human being has had sex and is thus obviously super-sinful.
 No need to be racist faggot.
 ...the bad guys died? Fuck I was going to play this game!
 That is so fucking kvlt
 As a guy you already are the lord of shit.
 Yeah the law is complete bullshit. They say you can still own a 10 round magazine however your only allowed to put 7 bullets in it. That will stop criminals from killing so many people.
 When a girl gains weight its beyond her control. If a guy gains weight he's a fat slob pig and not worth it.
 If you go out dressed slutty it is your fault that you be raped
 If they're so much better *out of* the freezer why are you instructing OP to put them *in* the freezer? You sick bastard.
 Hey!  Keep it clean buddy!  There's fuckin' **KIDS** on here!
 Oh shit two shirts! I didn't catch that. WELL FUCK THAT ASSHOLE THEN.
 Slave armies are great! Let's all go.
 Shun the outsider!  SHUUUN!!!
 You took a shit got drunk then made a comic? Fucking hilarious.
 Fuck Reddit  hipsters can't be hipsters anymore.
 Yea fuck those inhuman copper snatchers they deserve to die painful deaths for stealing small amounts of metal.
 Flair up you cunt!
 In a case like this fuck it.
 You're fucking insane.
 How dare you tell us to be civil!  You're a facist!
 Valve circlejerk fuck yeah!
 Hahahahaha. I shudder every now and then due to the gunge. Fuck you BBC. Fuck you. I try to live a normal life but the gunge changed me.
 Cause you can't play your PS4 on a cereal box god damnit sony you just keep hiding shit from us.
 You can't understand my ebonics? Fuck you racist cracka ass!
 you into your sister? acceptable. you into watching your wife get fucked? we'll cheer you on! you're into dressing up like an animal? fuck that shit you weirdo!
 You don't understand. When Americans say  nigger  it is racist. When Europeans say  niggabitch  it is cultural and trendy. Especially when seen in a hipster magazine focused on preteen fashion.
 Well shit I guess we should go back to slavery and segregation since he was able to make a living on his own. Those damn uppity niggers being all sensitive that the country that spouts  Freedom for all  enslaved people. The sheer fucking nerve of him.
 The only real issues are evolution and abortion. Fuck the economy and fuck the wars.
 What the fuck is a sears? If I knew I would say FUCK SEARS
 OMG HE'S SOOO SELFISH!!!  WHY DOESNT HE SPEND THAT ON THE TROOPS!  OOHHH OHHH!!! COME HERE MR. KING PRESIDENT!  SIT ON THIS SILK PILLOW!  WHY THE FUCK NOT?!?!  DOES PRINCESS NEED A SECURITY DETAIL?!?!  WHAT A FAGOT?!?!?!
 Better to kill the child than let those devil worshiping ho-mo-sexuals turn it gay.
 A Korean has personality and shows it? FUCK NO THAT CAN NEVER HAPPEN. THEY ALL MUST REMAIN FACELESS!
 Or your just really fucked up with too much time on your hands.
 Hahah you're so fucking funny!
 Jesus fucking christ your friend burned BK down **twice** because they screwed up his order once?
 Silly Comrad Great Leader Cumo does what he wants. If capitalist pig dog Sheriff goes against Leader he will be sent with gulag and dealt with.
 Upside: Prices are going to skyrocket.  Downside: It will be out of a job a few years.  Upside: I will be so fucking rich I can retire and live a life of ease.  Isn't capitalisim great?
 It's obviously always okay to hit a woman whenever you feel pissed off regardless of circumstances.
 Oh you're friends with her then why haven't you fucked her? C'mon man you're a fucking pussy if she talks to you it means she wants to ride the ponysnake all the way to tuna town. Dude I know I smang like 40 sloots a weekend.
 WHY WOULD YOU LITERALLY ASK A QUESTION? WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU ASSHOLE?
